
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.012014                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 12014041884                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               577312473711                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 402563                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   515321                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                 282624                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67618476                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 42508.99                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 17112535544                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   21905778879                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data       255488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data       192384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data       164736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data       195456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         3968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data       256384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data       165760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data       453632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data       196864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data       164480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data       397184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data       396032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data       192896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         3840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data       252800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data       196224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         3840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data       252928                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         5632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data       197376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total              4004224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4096                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         3968                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         3840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         3840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         5632                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           73600                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      1051136                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           1051136                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           32                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data         1996                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data         1503                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data         1287                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data         1527                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           31                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data         2003                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data         1295                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data         3544                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data         1538                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data         1285                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data         3103                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data         3094                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data         1507                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           30                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data         1975                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data         1533                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           30                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data         1976                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           44                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data         1542                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 31283                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            8212                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 8212                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst       340934                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     21265782                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst       415514                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     16013262                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst       372897                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     13711955                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst       404860                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     16268963                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst       330280                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     21340362                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst       372897                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     13797188                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst       394205                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     37758483                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst       394205                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     16386159                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst       404860                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     13690646                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst       372897                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     33059981                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst       372897                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     32964094                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst       404860                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     16055879                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst       319626                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     21042044                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst       436822                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     16332888                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst       319626                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     21052698                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst       468785                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     16428776                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               333295325                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst       340934                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst       415514                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst       372897                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst       404860                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst       330280                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst       372897                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst       394205                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst       394205                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst       404860                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst       372897                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst       372897                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst       404860                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst       319626                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst       436822                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst       319626                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst       468785                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            6126165                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks          87492287                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total               87492287                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks          87492287                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst       340934                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     21265782                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst       415514                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     16013262                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst       372897                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     13711955                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst       404860                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     16268963                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst       330280                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     21340362                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst       372897                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     13797188                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst       394205                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     37758483                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst       394205                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     16386159                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst       404860                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     13690646                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst       372897                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     33059981                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst       372897                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     32964094                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst       404860                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     16055879                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst       319626                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     21042044                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst       436822                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     16332888                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst       319626                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     21052698                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst       468785                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     16428776                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              420787612                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles               28810653                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups        2183919                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1953830                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       175331                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1460996                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1435320                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS         128198                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         5230                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles     23135931                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts             12412912                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches           2183919                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches      1563518                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles             2768101                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles        577044                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles       341742                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           29                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines         1400711                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes       171715                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples     26646546                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.521005                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.761209                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0       23878445     89.61%     89.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1         425500      1.60%     91.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2         211107      0.79%     92.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3         420740      1.58%     93.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4         131263      0.49%     94.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5         390110      1.46%     95.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6          60458      0.23%     95.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7          96684      0.36%     96.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8        1032239      3.87%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total     26646546                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.075802                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.430845                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles       22854619                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles       628684                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles         2762501                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles         2209                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles       398529                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved       202945                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred         2213                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts     13858117                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         5146                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles       398529                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles       22886603                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles        370331                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles       162312                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles         2733188                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles        95579                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts     13837407                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents           16                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents        10369                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents        76999                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands     18110860                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups     62668238                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups     62668238                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps     14646429                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps        3464404                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts         1837                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts          938                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts          206644                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads      2518683                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores       398720                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3469                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores        90797                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded         13764452                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1843                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued        12874535                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         8649                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2511472                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      5165641                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           25                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     26646546                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.483160                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.094233                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     20996953     78.80%     78.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1767562      6.63%     85.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1905928      7.15%     92.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      1103848      4.14%     96.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       560317      2.10%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       139757      0.52%     99.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       165018      0.62%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3892      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3271      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     26646546                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         21290     57.30%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8684     23.37%     80.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         7180     19.32%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10081364     78.30%     78.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        99430      0.77%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          901      0.01%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2297789     17.85%     96.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       395051      3.07%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total     12874535                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.446867                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt             37154                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002886                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     52441417                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16277810                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12545372                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses     12911689                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         9678                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       515724                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           14                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           46                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10412                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles       398529                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles        245298                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11728                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13766308                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1742                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2518683                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       398720                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          935                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4595                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          246                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           46                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       117981                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        67823                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts       185804                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12712482                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2265509                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       162051                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                  13                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs            2660524                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches        1934192                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores           395015                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.441242                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent             12548349                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count            12545372                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers         7597808                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers        16445669                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.435442                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.461994                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10000000                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps     11236445                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2530412                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1818                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts       174057                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26248017                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.428087                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.299071                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     22073558     84.10%     84.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1633020      6.22%     90.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1056380      4.02%     94.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       330531      1.26%     95.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       555877      2.12%     97.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       105770      0.40%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        67504      0.26%     98.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        61326      0.23%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       364051      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26248017                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts     10000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps     11236445                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs              2391264                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads             2002956                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars               907                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches          1725938                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts         9812681                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls       138175                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events       364051                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads           39650784                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes          27932605                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                516259                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles               2164107                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts          10000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps            11236445                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total     10000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.881065                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.881065                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.347094                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.347094                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads       59121528                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes      16325042                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads      14753831                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes         1816                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles               28810653                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups        2379287                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1946768                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       233939                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       981414                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits         934255                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS         245094                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        10642                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles     22884118                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts             13302028                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches           2379287                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches      1179349                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles             2775641                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles        639369                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles       521966                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           24                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines         1401709                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes       234084                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples     26584148                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614446                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.957444                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0       23808507     89.56%     89.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1         129806      0.49%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2         205048      0.77%     90.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3         277909      1.05%     91.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4         285555      1.07%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5         242477      0.91%     93.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6         135698      0.51%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7         201093      0.76%     95.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8        1298055      4.88%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total     26584148                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.082584                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.461705                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles       22653442                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles       754898                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles         2770572                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles         3099                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles       402136                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved       391531                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          263                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts     16320123                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         1532                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles       402136                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles       22715867                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles        150952                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles       462172                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles         2711885                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles       141133                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts     16313392                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents           23                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents        18889                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents        61691                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands     22763786                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups     75887287                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups     75887287                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps     19706118                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps        3057661                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts         3988                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2051                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts          423490                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads      1527368                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores       826586                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads         9857                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores       301285                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded         16291035                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         4001                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued        15463147                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2240                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1816606                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4354215                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           97                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     26584148                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581668                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.267832                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19960563     75.08%     75.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2786807     10.48%     85.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1394747      5.25%     90.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       997530      3.75%     94.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       790413      2.97%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       327414      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       205461      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       106936      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        14277      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     26584148                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3091     11.98%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead         9571     37.09%     49.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13142     50.93%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     13004967     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       231149      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1936      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1401212      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       823883      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total     15463147                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.536716                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt             25804                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001669                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     57538486                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     18111717                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     15229288                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses     15488951                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        31612                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       247406                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            7                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           76                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12418                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles       402136                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles        119425                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13454                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     16295064                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         6952                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1527368                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       826586                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2051                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents        11436                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           76                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       135379                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       132057                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts       267436                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts     15248645                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1318106                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       214502                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                  28                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs            2141922                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches        2167085                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores           823816                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.529271                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent             15229434                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count            15229288                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers         8743429                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers        23558361                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.528599                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.371139                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11487443                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps     14134795                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2160279                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3904                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts       236653                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26182012                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.539867                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.378021                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     20315049     77.59%     77.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2941041     11.23%     88.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1079404      4.12%     92.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       517115      1.98%     94.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       477656      1.82%     96.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       251944      0.96%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       192662      0.74%     98.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        99843      0.38%     98.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       307298      1.17%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26182012                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts     11487443                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps     14134795                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs              2094127                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads             1279959                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars              1948                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches          2038331                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts        12735130                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls       291029                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events       307298                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads           42169710                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes          32992307                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                348337                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles               2226505                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts          11487443                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps            14134795                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total     11487443                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.508013                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.508013                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.398722                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.398722                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads       68624890                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes      21216187                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads      15128771                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes         3900                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles               28810653                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups        2611047                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted      2174555                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       238839                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1000090                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits         952887                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS         280257                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        11109                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles     22685462                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts             14323050                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches           2611047                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches      1233144                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles             2983792                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles        665514                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles       782438                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines         1410499                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes       228160                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples     26876197                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.654815                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.030358                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0       23892405     88.90%     88.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1         182809      0.68%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2         230605      0.86%     90.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3         367230      1.37%     91.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4         153308      0.57%     92.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5         197356      0.73%     93.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6         230550      0.86%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7         105565      0.39%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8        1516369      5.64%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total     26876197                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.090628                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.497144                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles       22551563                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles       929490                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles         2969463                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles         1426                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles       424250                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved       396670                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          255                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts     17501744                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         1459                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles       424250                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles       22575115                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles         72758                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles       792547                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles         2947392                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles        64125                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts     17391899                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents           22                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents         9101                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents        44775                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands     24294849                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups     80871099                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups     80871099                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps     20291494                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps        4003322                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts         4204                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2191                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts          228761                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads      1626564                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores       850501                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads         9607                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores       191981                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded         16973489                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         4217                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued        16276323                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        16634                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2076307                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4229448                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          161                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     26876197                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.605604                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326945                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19982793     74.35%     74.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      3142617     11.69%     86.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1285068      4.78%     90.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       720273      2.68%     93.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       976873      3.63%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       300622      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       296171      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       159117      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        12663      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     26876197                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        112568     79.23%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead        14947     10.52%     89.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        14561     10.25%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     13713091     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       222143      1.36%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         2013      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1491563      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       847513      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total     16276323                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.564941                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt            142076                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008729                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     59587549                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     19054112                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     15849477                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses     16418399                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        11720                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       307650                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            7                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          102                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12360                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles       424250                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles         55715                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles         7207                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     16977710                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        13340                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1626564                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       850501                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2191                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents         6315                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            5                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          102                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       140352                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       134526                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts       274878                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts     15990098                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1466760                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       286221                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs            2314153                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches        2260497                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores           847393                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.555006                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent             15849597                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count            15849477                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers         9496600                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers        25506791                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.550126                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.372317                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11804839                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps     14546480                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2431271                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         4056                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts       240688                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26451947                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.549921                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.370213                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     20295100     76.72%     76.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      3120479     11.80%     88.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1131882      4.28%     92.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       565568      2.14%     94.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       515664      1.95%     96.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       217274      0.82%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       214605      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       102123      0.39%     98.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       289252      1.09%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26451947                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts     11804839                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps     14546480                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs              2157052                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads             1318911                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars              2024                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches          2108517                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts        13096561                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls       300379                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events       289252                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads           43140368                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes          34379793                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                345559                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles               1934456                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts          11804839                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps            14546480                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total     11804839                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.440580                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.440580                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.409739                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.409739                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads       71950244                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes      22150846                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads      16188248                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes         4052                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles               28810653                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups        2378822                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1946929                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       234231                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       976324                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits         934472                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS         244576                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        10630                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles     22870950                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts             13300161                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches           2378822                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches      1179048                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles             2775473                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles        640909                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles       519837                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           24                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines         1401551                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes       234346                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples     26569941                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614730                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.957848                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0       23794468     89.55%     89.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1         129810      0.49%     90.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2         204910      0.77%     90.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3         277826      1.05%     91.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4         286162      1.08%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5         242240      0.91%     93.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6         135468      0.51%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7         200885      0.76%     95.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8        1298172      4.89%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total     26569941                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.082567                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.461640                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles       22640357                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles       752718                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles         2770290                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles         3180                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles       403395                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved       390899                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          263                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts     16318570                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         1535                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles       403395                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles       22702681                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles        149802                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles       461325                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles         2711738                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles       140997                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts     16311669                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents           29                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents        18906                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents        61589                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands     22760609                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups     75879561                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups     75879561                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps     19688697                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps        3071876                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts         4007                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2069                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts          422453                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads      1528372                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores       826297                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads         9743                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores       244256                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded         16289473                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         4020                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued        15453856                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2237                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1829134                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4390816                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          119                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     26569941                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581629                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.270287                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19993088     75.25%     75.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2733402     10.29%     85.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1377370      5.18%     90.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      1013568      3.81%     94.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       798970      3.01%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       327721      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       204543      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       106965      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        14314      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     26569941                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3091     11.80%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead         9932     37.91%     49.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13179     50.30%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12997824     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       231087      1.50%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1934      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1399541      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       823470      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total     15453856                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.536394                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt             26202                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001695                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     57506091                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     18122695                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     15220007                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses     15480058                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        31511                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       249534                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            6                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           72                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12849                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles       403395                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles        118512                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13370                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     16293522                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         6853                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1528372                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       826297                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2072                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents        11342                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           72                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       135741                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       132396                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts       268137                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts     15239475                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1317104                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       214380                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                  29                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs            2140499                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches        2165692                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores           823395                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.528953                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent             15220141                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count            15220007                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers         8739667                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers        23551101                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.528277                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.371094                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11477292                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps     14122335                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2171181                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3901                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts       236942                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26166546                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.539710                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.383289                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     20340078     77.73%     77.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2903698     11.10%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1082372      4.14%     92.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       516420      1.97%     94.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       455440      1.74%     96.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       250650      0.96%     97.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       207240      0.79%     98.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        99001      0.38%     98.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       311647      1.19%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26166546                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts     11477292                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps     14122335                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs              2092285                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads             1278838                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars              1946                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches          2036539                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts        12723911                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls       290780                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events       311647                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads           42148337                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes          32990467                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                348348                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles               2240712                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts          11477292                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps            14122335                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total     11477292                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.510231                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.510231                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.398370                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.398370                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads       68580192                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes      21204236                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads      15125611                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes         3898                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles               28810653                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups        2184073                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1953734                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       175571                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1460005                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1435219                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS         128314                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         5200                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles     23125742                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts             12410803                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches           2184073                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches      1563533                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles             2767902                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles        578082                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles       341338                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           29                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines         1400536                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes       172024                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples     26636553                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.521150                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.761468                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0       23868651     89.61%     89.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1         425518      1.60%     91.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2         211461      0.79%     92.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3         420702      1.58%     93.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4         130736      0.49%     94.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5         389975      1.46%     95.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6          60543      0.23%     95.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7          96715      0.36%     96.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8        1032252      3.88%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total     26636553                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.075808                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.430771                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles       22847664                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles       625024                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles         2762261                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles         2268                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles       399332                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved       203278                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred         2210                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts     13857007                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         5115                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles       399332                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles       22879309                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles        368945                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles       160822                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles         2733196                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles        94945                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts     13836403                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents           20                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents        10485                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents        76132                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands     18110364                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups     62665859                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups     62665859                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps     14634372                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps        3475992                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts         1835                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts          937                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts          205679                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads      2518521                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores       398290                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3488                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores        90365                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded         13763754                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1840                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued        12871649                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         8515                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2519912                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      5180900                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           26                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     26636553                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.483233                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.094454                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     20989783     78.80%     78.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1765394      6.63%     85.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1905231      7.15%     92.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      1103825      4.14%     96.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       559985      2.10%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       140066      0.53%     99.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       165124      0.62%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3856      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3289      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     26636553                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         21239     57.33%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8639     23.32%     80.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         7170     19.35%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10079402     78.31%     78.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        99351      0.77%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          900      0.01%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2297216     17.85%     96.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       394780      3.07%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total     12871649                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.446767                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt             37048                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002878                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     52425414                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16285550                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12540648                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses     12908697                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         9775                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       516946                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           50                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10325                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles       399332                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles        245488                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11580                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13765611                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1758                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2518521                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       398290                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          934                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4519                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          249                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           50                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       118038                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        68127                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts       186165                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12708000                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2264374                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       163649                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                  17                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs            2659120                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches        1933469                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores           394746                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.441087                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent             12543549                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count            12540648                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers         7595878                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers        16445573                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.435278                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.461880                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9992138                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps     11227504                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2538660                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1814                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts       174298                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26237221                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.427923                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.298833                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     22065794     84.10%     84.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1632175      6.22%     90.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1055453      4.02%     94.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       330290      1.26%     95.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       555262      2.12%     97.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       105700      0.40%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        67545      0.26%     98.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        61281      0.23%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       363721      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26237221                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts      9992138                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps     11227504                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs              2389540                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads             2001575                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars               905                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches          1724631                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts         9804815                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls       138067                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events       363721                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads           39639625                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes          27931988                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                516538                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles               2174100                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts           9992138                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps            11227504                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total      9992138                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.883332                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.883332                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.346821                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.346821                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads       59099152                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes      16318391                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads      14750213                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes         1812                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles               28810653                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups        2610072                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted      2172976                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       238658                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1000829                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits         952873                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS         280044                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        11113                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles     22686371                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts             14315006                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches           2610072                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches      1232917                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles             2982491                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles        664806                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles       781607                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines         1410334                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes       228144                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples     26874439                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.654486                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.029866                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0       23891948     88.90%     88.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1         183020      0.68%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2         230818      0.86%     90.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3         366862      1.37%     91.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4         152968      0.57%     92.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5         197363      0.73%     93.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6         230458      0.86%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7         105752      0.39%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8        1515250      5.64%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total     26874439                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.090594                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.496865                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles       22552450                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles       928482                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles         2968292                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles         1493                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles       423717                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved       397279                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          254                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts     17493140                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         1460                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles       423717                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles       22575784                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles         73535                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles       790982                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles         2946443                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles        63968                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts     17385085                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents           22                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents         9251                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents        44399                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands     24285153                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups     80835099                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups     80835099                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps     20292812                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps        3992313                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts         4211                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2197                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts          227742                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads      1625861                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores       850932                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads         9641                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores       191209                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded         16969853                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         4224                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued        16275110                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        16487                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2070682                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4214127                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          168                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     26874439                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.605598                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326875                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19980638     74.35%     74.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      3143342     11.70%     86.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1285389      4.78%     90.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       720349      2.68%     93.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       975891      3.63%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       300830      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       296370      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       159031      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        12599      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     26874439                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        112269     79.16%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead        14992     10.57%     89.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        14559     10.27%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     13711237     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       222213      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         2013      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1491629      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       848018      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total     16275110                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.564899                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt            141820                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008714                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     59582965                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     19044853                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     15849117                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses     16416930                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        11949                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       306847                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            7                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           96                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12733                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles       423717                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles         56315                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles         7142                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     16974080                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        13096                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1625861                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       850932                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2198                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents         6245                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            4                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           96                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       140280                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       134647                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts       274927                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts     15989516                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1466986                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       285593                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                   3                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs            2314903                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches        2261200                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores           847917                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.554986                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent             15849226                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count            15849117                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers         9494163                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers        25495372                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.550113                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.372388                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11805597                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps     14547435                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2426730                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         4056                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts       240519                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26450722                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.549983                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.370370                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     20294321     76.73%     76.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      3119878     11.80%     88.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1131939      4.28%     92.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       565058      2.14%     94.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       515962      1.95%     96.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       217474      0.82%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       214690      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       102053      0.39%     98.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       289347      1.09%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26450722                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts     11805597                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps     14547435                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs              2157208                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads             1319012                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars              2024                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches          2108662                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts        13097411                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls       300396                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events       289347                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads           43135462                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes          34372082                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                345440                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles               1936214                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts          11805597                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps            14547435                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total     11805597                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.440423                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.440423                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.409765                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.409765                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads       71944907                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes      22148903                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads      16181159                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes         4052                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles               28810652                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups        2243074                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted      2023817                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       119735                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       865393                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits         800002                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS         123829                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         5323                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles     23749272                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts             14104615                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches           2243074                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches       923831                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles             2787708                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles        376130                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles       572021                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines         1365212                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes       120126                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples     27362458                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.604816                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.933183                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0       24574750     89.81%     89.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1          98691      0.36%     90.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2         203743      0.74%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3          84607      0.31%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4         463523      1.69%     92.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5         411658      1.50%     94.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6          79672      0.29%     94.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7         167674      0.61%     95.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8        1278140      4.67%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total     27362458                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.077856                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.489563                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles       23616846                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles       706199                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles         2777403                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles         8797                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles       253208                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved       196899                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          249                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts     16539091                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         1495                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles       253208                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles       23641715                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles        508300                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles       121898                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles         2762821                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles        74511                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts     16529075                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents           14                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents        31050                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents        27403                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.FullRegisterEvents          367                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands     19415851                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups     77848004                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups     77848004                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps     17189872                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps        2225849                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts         1923                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts          974                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts          191378                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads      3897022                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores      1969730                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads        18095                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores        95608                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded         16494773                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1929                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued        15851246                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         8424                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1288784                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3093159                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           18                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     27362458                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579306                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.376843                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     21732931     79.43%     79.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1682953      6.15%     85.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1385287      5.06%     90.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       597735      2.18%     92.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       758510      2.77%     95.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       733959      2.68%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       417633      1.53%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        32719      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        20731      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     27362458                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         40180     11.11%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead       312430     86.39%     97.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         9060      2.51%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      9948327     62.76%     62.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       138400      0.87%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          948      0.01%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3798429     23.96%     87.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1965142     12.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total     15851246                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.550187                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt            361670                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022817                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     59435044                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     17785889                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     15713718                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses     16212916                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        28342                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       153361                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           67                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          406                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12438                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1402                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles       253208                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles        466758                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles        20773                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     16496715                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          168                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3897022                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1969730                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          975                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents        14265                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           15                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          406                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        69015                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        71354                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts       140369                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts     15738508                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3785116                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       112738                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                  13                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs            5750060                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches        2062059                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores          1964944                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.546274                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent             15714334                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count            15713718                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers         8487009                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers        16727513                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.545413                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.507368                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts     12758608                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps     14993276                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1505159                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1911                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts       122131                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     27109250                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553069                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.376872                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     21674066     79.95%     79.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1982413      7.31%     87.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       930735      3.43%     90.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       919684      3.39%     94.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       249840      0.92%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1070154      3.95%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        80242      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        58169      0.21%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       143947      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     27109250                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts     12758608                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps     14993276                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs              5700935                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads             3743651                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars               954                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches          1980358                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts        13332237                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls       145233                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events       143947                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads           43463699                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes          33250212                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                522352                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles               1448194                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts          12758608                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps            14993276                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total     12758608                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.258134                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.258134                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.442843                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.442843                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads       77798450                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes      18256623                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads      19685555                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes         1908                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles               28810653                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups        2378257                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1946583                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       234156                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       978136                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits         934065                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS         244711                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        10602                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles     22875139                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts             13297095                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches           2378257                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches      1178776                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles             2775308                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles        641088                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles       520560                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           24                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines         1401601                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes       234259                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples     26574937                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614570                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.957740                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0       23799629     89.56%     89.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1         129784      0.49%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2         205572      0.77%     90.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3         277609      1.04%     91.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4         286616      1.08%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5         241338      0.91%     93.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6         134668      0.51%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7         200520      0.75%     95.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8        1299201      4.89%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total     26574937                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.082548                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.461534                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles       22644795                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles       753201                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles         2770200                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles         3096                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles       403644                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved       390742                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          264                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts     16317443                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         1530                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles       403644                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles       22707021                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles        151113                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles       461005                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles         2711709                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles       140442                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts     16310593                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents           25                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents        18667                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents        61451                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands     22760470                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups     75877754                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups     75877754                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps     19685109                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps        3075343                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts         3973                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2037                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts          421401                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads      1529294                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores       826001                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads         9547                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores       219817                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded         16287552                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3987                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued        15451095                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2219                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1830069                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4400503                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           87                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     26574937                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581416                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.271310                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     20019040     75.33%     75.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2708846     10.19%     85.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1370000      5.16%     90.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      1021368      3.84%     94.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       802420      3.02%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       326587      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       205523      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       106832      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        14321      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     26574937                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2822     10.69%     10.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     10.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     10.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     10.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     10.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     10.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     10.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     10.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     10.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     10.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     10.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     10.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     10.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     10.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     10.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     10.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     10.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead         9972     37.77%     48.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13611     51.55%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12994704     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       230928      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1934      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1400272      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       823257      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total     15451095                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.536298                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt             26405                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001709                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     57505751                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     18121680                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     15215744                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses     15477500                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        31213                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       250691                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            5                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           75                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12693                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles       403644                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles        119679                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13478                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     16291563                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         7061                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1529294                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       826001                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2039                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents        11460                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           75                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       135661                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       132678                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts       268339                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts     15235183                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1317062                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       215912                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                  24                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs            2140254                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches        2165154                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores           823192                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.528804                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent             15215865                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count            15215744                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers         8736489                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers        23543898                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.528129                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.371072                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11475209                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps     14119741                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2171821                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3900                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts       236868                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26171293                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.539513                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.385583                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     20362228     77.80%     77.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2887395     11.03%     88.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1084099      4.14%     92.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       514697      1.97%     94.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       446550      1.71%     96.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       250056      0.96%     97.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       213768      0.82%     98.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        99031      0.38%     98.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       313469      1.20%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26171293                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts     11475209                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps     14119741                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs              2091899                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads             1278596                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars              1946                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches          2036164                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts        12721565                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls       290719                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events       313469                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads           42149308                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes          32986809                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                348548                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles               2235716                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts          11475209                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps            14119741                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total     11475209                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.510687                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.510687                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.398297                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.398297                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads       68561223                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes      21199435                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads      15122380                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes         3896                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles               28810653                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups        2609166                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted      2172494                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       238558                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       998608                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits         952850                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS         279851                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        11092                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles     22693400                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts             14313074                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches           2609166                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches      1232701                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles             2982374                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles        663938                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles       790418                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines         1410361                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes       227987                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples     26889407                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.653998                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.029130                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0       23907033     88.91%     88.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1         183198      0.68%     89.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2         231099      0.86%     90.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3         366853      1.36%     91.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4         152634      0.57%     92.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5         197680      0.74%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6         230558      0.86%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7         105429      0.39%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8        1514923      5.63%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total     26889407                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.090563                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.496798                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles       22559864                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles       936999                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles         2968068                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles         1514                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles       422957                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved       396858                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          258                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts     17489156                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         1474                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles       422957                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles       22583286                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles         73343                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles       799449                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles         2946125                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles        64237                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts     17380460                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents           18                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents         9280                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents        44626                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands     24279649                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups     80818284                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups     80818284                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps     20299626                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps        3980023                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts         4215                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2201                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts          228452                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads      1625083                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores       850413                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads         9639                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores       191225                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded         16965320                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         4228                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued        16272784                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        16564                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2065143                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4201626                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          172                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     26889407                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.605175                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326428                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19995452     74.36%     74.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      3143828     11.69%     86.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1285843      4.78%     90.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       720288      2.68%     93.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       976293      3.63%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       299587      1.11%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       296127      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       159375      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        12614      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     26889407                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        112567     79.24%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead        14939     10.52%     89.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        14559     10.25%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     13710120     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       222122      1.36%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         2013      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1491040      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       847489      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total     16272784                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.564818                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt            142065                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008730                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     59593604                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     19034791                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     15848247                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses     16414849                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        11916                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       305648                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           13                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          103                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11959                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles       422957                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles         56015                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles         7215                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     16969550                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        13178                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1625083                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       850413                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2202                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents         6342                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            6                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          103                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       140173                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       134184                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts       274357                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts     15988542                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1467087                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       284242                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                   2                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs            2314453                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches        2260689                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores           847366                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.554952                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent             15848369                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count            15848247                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers         9495570                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers        25500681                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.550083                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.372365                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11809526                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps     14552280                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2417353                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         4056                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts       240398                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26466450                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.549839                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.370218                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     20307515     76.73%     76.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      3121578     11.79%     88.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1132153      4.28%     92.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       565651      2.14%     94.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       515914      1.95%     96.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       217379      0.82%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       214552      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       102084      0.39%     98.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       289624      1.09%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26466450                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts     11809526                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps     14552280                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs              2157889                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads             1319435                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars              2024                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches          2109361                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts        13101775                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls       300500                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events       289624                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads           43146381                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes          34362238                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                345381                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles               1921246                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts          11809526                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps            14552280                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total     11809526                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.439611                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.439611                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.409901                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.409901                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads       71943425                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes      22147513                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads      16178775                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes         4052                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles               28810653                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups        2335334                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1909829                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       230110                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       986587                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits         922210                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS         240104                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        10274                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles     22680233                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts             13245564                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches           2335334                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches      1162314                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles             2776529                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles        665280                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles       401625                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines         1395902                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes       231723                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples     26288509                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615750                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.966695                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0       23511980     89.44%     89.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1         149612      0.57%     90.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2         238844      0.91%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3         377548      1.44%     92.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4         157564      0.60%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5         177215      0.67%     93.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6         186307      0.71%     94.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7         122478      0.47%     94.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8        1366961      5.20%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total     26288509                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.081058                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.459745                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles       22475567                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles       608285                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles         2767698                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles         7133                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles       429824                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved       382666                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          276                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts     16174709                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         1637                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles       429824                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles       22508499                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles        198078                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles       313753                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles         2742433                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles        95920                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts     16164158                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents         2904                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents        27409                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents        36235                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.FullRegisterEvents         4266                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands     22438785                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups     75190178                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups     75190178                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps     19161840                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps        3276945                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts         4149                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2294                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts          292129                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads      1543250                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores       829291                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads        24668                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores       188573                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded         16141468                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         4161                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued        15282201                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        19031                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2043749                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4530539                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          425                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     26288509                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581326                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.272910                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19843633     75.48%     75.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2586161      9.84%     85.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1415613      5.38%     90.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       964868      3.67%     94.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       900801      3.43%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       260453      0.99%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       201190      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        68719      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        47071      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     26288509                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3586     12.56%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead        11062     38.75%     51.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13896     48.68%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12801015     83.76%     83.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       241205      1.58%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1852      0.01%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1414026      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       824103      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total     15282201                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.530436                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt             28544                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001868                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     56900486                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     18189574                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     15035755                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses     15310745                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        46706                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       278589                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           34                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          200                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        25492                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          980                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles       429824                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles        134938                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13530                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     16145662                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1075                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1543250                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       829291                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2295                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10021                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          200                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       134565                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       131165                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts       265730                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts     15064996                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1330991                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       217205                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                  33                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs            2154688                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches        2119827                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores           823697                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.522897                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent             15036039                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count            15035755                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers         8792173                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers        22962570                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.521882                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.382892                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11255267                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps     13796099                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2349606                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3736                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts       234762                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     25858685                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533519                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.386610                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     20254557     78.33%     78.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2715097     10.50%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1057527      4.09%     92.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       568728      2.20%     95.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       426178      1.65%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       237690      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       146806      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       131050      0.51%     98.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       321052      1.24%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     25858685                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts     11255267                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps     13796099                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs              2068460                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads             1264661                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars              1864                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches          1980312                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts        12431362                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls       280252                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events       321052                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads           41683260                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes          32721270                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                367216                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles               2522144                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts          11255267                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps            13796099                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total     11255267                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.559749                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.559749                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.390663                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.390663                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads       67940429                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes      20843643                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads      15088185                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes         3732                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles               28810653                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups        2334092                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1908661                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       230230                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       985631                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits         922158                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS         239748                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        10207                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles     22680989                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts             13238890                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches           2334092                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches      1161906                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles             2775222                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles        665474                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles       402901                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines         1396049                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes       231845                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples     26289313                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615479                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.966401                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0       23514091     89.44%     89.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1         149962      0.57%     90.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2         238540      0.91%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3         377083      1.43%     92.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4         157419      0.60%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5         176550      0.67%     93.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6         186257      0.71%     94.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7         123026      0.47%     94.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8        1366385      5.20%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total     26289313                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.081015                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.459514                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles       22476007                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles       609827                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles         2766404                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles         7170                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles       429903                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved       382758                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          276                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts     16168373                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         1632                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles       429903                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles       22508981                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles        192961                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles       320164                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles         2741194                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles        96108                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts     16158255                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents         2929                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents        27215                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents        36400                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.FullRegisterEvents         4485                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands     22428422                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups     75162372                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups     75162372                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps     19150465                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps        3277954                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts         4052                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2195                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts          292210                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads      1543412                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores       828733                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads        24676                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores       188773                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded         16134627                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         4064                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued        15275082                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        19227                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2043819                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4536681                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          330                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     26289313                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581038                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.272794                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19847951     75.50%     75.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2585265      9.83%     85.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1413993      5.38%     90.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       963955      3.67%     94.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       900833      3.43%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       260257      0.99%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       201349      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        68425      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        47285      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     26289313                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3617     12.60%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead        11162     38.89%     51.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13924     48.51%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12794832     83.76%     83.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       240900      1.58%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1851      0.01%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1413739      9.26%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       823760      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total     15275082                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.530189                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt             28703                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001879                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     56887406                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     18182712                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     15028133                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses     15303785                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        46217                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       279496                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           30                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          207                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        25397                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          978                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles       429903                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles        131439                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13491                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     16138718                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1243                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1543412                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       828733                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2200                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9953                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          207                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       134588                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       130966                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts       265554                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts     15057570                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1329955                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       217511                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                  27                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs            2153319                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches        2118409                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores           823364                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.522639                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent             15028377                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count            15028133                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers         8785895                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers        22952222                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.521617                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.382791                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11248677                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps     13787932                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2350825                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3734                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts       234877                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     25859410                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533188                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.386359                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     20259231     78.34%     78.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2713182     10.49%     88.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1056841      4.09%     92.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       567693      2.20%     95.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       425927      1.65%     96.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       237777      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       146824      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       131028      0.51%     98.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       320907      1.24%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     25859410                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts     11248677                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps     13787932                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs              2067252                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads             1263916                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars              1864                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches          1979100                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts        12424031                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls       280081                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events       320907                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads           41677182                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes          32707455                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                367334                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles               2521340                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts          11248677                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps            13787932                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total     11248677                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.561248                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.561248                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.390435                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.390435                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads       67904843                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes      20831844                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads      15080108                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes         3728                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles               28810653                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups        2379865                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1947714                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       234158                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       976858                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits         933609                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS         244845                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        10635                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles     22879072                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts             13308635                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches           2379865                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches      1178454                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles             2777197                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles        641697                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles       524298                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           24                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines         1402029                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes       234295                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples     26585101                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614879                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.958272                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0       23807904     89.55%     89.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1         129781      0.49%     90.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2         205373      0.77%     90.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3         277765      1.04%     91.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4         286260      1.08%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5         242003      0.91%     93.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6         134875      0.51%     94.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7         200625      0.75%     95.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8        1300515      4.89%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total     26585101                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.082604                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.461935                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles       22647855                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles       757792                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles         2771978                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles         3228                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles       404247                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved       391171                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          267                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts     16331918                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         1548                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles       404247                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles       22710330                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles        153518                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles       462432                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles         2713356                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles       141215                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts     16325119                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents           22                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents        18961                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents        61701                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands     22780338                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups     75944664                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups     75944664                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps     19695155                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps        3085183                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts         3996                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2060                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts          423893                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads      1531171                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores       826324                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads         9699                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores       284083                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded         16302564                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         4009                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued        15461676                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2202                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1838578                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4421867                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          105                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     26585101                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581592                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.268595                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19976924     75.14%     75.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2768880     10.42%     85.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1387935      5.22%     90.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      1003726      3.78%     94.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       794404      2.99%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       326851      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       204995      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       107181      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        14205      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     26585101                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3021     11.56%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead         9986     38.21%     49.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13129     50.23%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     13003763     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       231019      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1935      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1401336      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       823623      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total     15461676                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.536665                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt             26136                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001690                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     57536791                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     18145223                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     15226126                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses     15487812                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        31956                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       251937                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            4                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           74                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12619                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles       404247                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles        122048                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13516                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     16306602                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         6891                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1531171                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       826324                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2059                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents        11457                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           74                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       135154                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       132760                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts       267914                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts     15245477                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1317680                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       216199                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                  29                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs            2141246                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches        2166077                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores           823566                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.529161                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent             15226275                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count            15226126                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers         8743355                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers        23565063                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.528489                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.371030                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11481064                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps     14126873                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2179745                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3904                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts       236871                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26180854                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.539588                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.379540                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     20328264     77.65%     77.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2929033     11.19%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1080348      4.13%     92.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       515467      1.97%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       471017      1.80%     96.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       250482      0.96%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       197995      0.76%     98.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        99689      0.38%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       308559      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26180854                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts     11481064                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps     14126873                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs              2092939                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads             1279234                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars              1948                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches          2037165                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts        12728009                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls       290861                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events       308559                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads           42178835                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes          33017501                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                348451                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles               2225552                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts          11481064                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps            14126873                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total     11481064                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.509406                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.509406                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.398501                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.398501                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads       68608223                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes      21213165                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads      15134886                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes         3900                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles               28810653                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups        2183247                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1953167                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       175538                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1463302                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1434992                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS         128114                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         5259                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles     23132157                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts             12406350                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches           2183247                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches      1563106                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles             2767187                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles        577072                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles       340283                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           29                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines         1400651                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes       172041                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples     26640223                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.520865                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.760970                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0       23873036     89.61%     89.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1         425571      1.60%     91.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2         211449      0.79%     92.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3         420707      1.58%     93.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4         130861      0.49%     94.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5         390008      1.46%     95.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6          60220      0.23%     95.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7          96410      0.36%     96.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8        1031961      3.87%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total     26640223                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.075779                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.430617                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles       22853820                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles       624246                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles         2761508                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles         2286                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles       398359                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved       203075                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred         2207                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts     13851374                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         5107                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles       398359                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles       22885572                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles        368936                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles       160092                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles         2732461                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles        94799                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts     13830624                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents           24                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents        10616                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents        75910                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands     18103498                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups     62635932                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups     62635932                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps     14637063                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps        3466435                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts         1829                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts          931                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts          205852                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads      2516889                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores       397893                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3382                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores        90774                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded         13758025                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1835                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued        12869277                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         8637                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2511665                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      5157180                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           21                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     26640223                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.483077                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.094080                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     20992811     78.80%     78.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1766236      6.63%     85.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1906030      7.15%     92.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      1103445      4.14%     96.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       560346      2.10%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       139267      0.52%     99.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       164972      0.62%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3833      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3283      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     26640223                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         21333     57.42%     57.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8651     23.28%     80.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         7169     19.30%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10078270     78.31%     78.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        99316      0.77%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          900      0.01%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2296223     17.84%     96.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       394568      3.07%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total     12869277                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.446685                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt             37153                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002887                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     52424567                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16271569                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12539580                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses     12906430                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         9450                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       514630                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           16                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           47                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9928                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles       398359                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles        245633                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11514                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13759876                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1782                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2516889                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       397893                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          929                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4456                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          242                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           47                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       118059                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        67871                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts       185930                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12706145                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2263935                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       163132                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                  16                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs            2658467                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches        1933592                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores           394532                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.441022                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent             12542379                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count            12539580                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers         7594829                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers        16441287                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.435241                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.461936                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9994411                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps     11229777                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2530637                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1814                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts       174264                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26241864                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.427934                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.298878                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     22069471     84.10%     84.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1632893      6.22%     90.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1055495      4.02%     94.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       330355      1.26%     95.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       555229      2.12%     97.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       105622      0.40%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        67612      0.26%     98.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        61365      0.23%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       363822      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26241864                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts      9994411                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps     11229777                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs              2390224                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads             2002259                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars               905                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches          1725003                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts         9806716                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls       138067                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events       363822                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads           39638417                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes          27919522                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                516084                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles               2170430                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts           9994411                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps            11229777                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total      9994411                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.882676                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.882676                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.346900                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.346900                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads       59091671                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes      16317395                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads      14745854                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes         1812                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles               28810653                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups        2378676                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1946806                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       234336                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       976407                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits         933952                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS         245037                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        10661                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles     22874029                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts             13298126                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches           2378676                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches      1178989                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles             2775781                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles        641395                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles       521479                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           24                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines         1401780                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes       234565                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples     26575354                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614587                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.957752                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0       23799573     89.56%     89.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1         130033      0.49%     90.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2         206107      0.78%     90.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3         277654      1.04%     91.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4         285725      1.08%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5         241696      0.91%     93.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6         134973      0.51%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7         200305      0.75%     95.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8        1299288      4.89%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total     26575354                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.082562                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.461570                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles       22644204                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles       753569                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles         2770666                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles         3137                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles       403777                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved       390946                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          265                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts     16318355                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         1559                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles       403777                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles       22706226                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles        152797                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles       459662                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles         2712402                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles       140487                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts     16311855                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents           23                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents        19022                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents        61286                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands     22763048                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups     75882942                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups     75882942                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps     19689428                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps        3073606                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts         3922                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1986                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts          421018                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads      1529308                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores       826199                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads         9670                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores       246151                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded         16288723                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3935                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued        15454306                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2228                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1829817                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4392311                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           35                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     26575354                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581528                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.270168                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19998301     75.25%     75.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2733249     10.28%     85.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1376958      5.18%     90.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      1015146      3.82%     94.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       798490      3.00%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       327091      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       204845      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       106974      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        14300      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     26575354                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3065     11.72%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead         9936     37.98%     49.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13158     50.30%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12996951     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       231018      1.49%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1934      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1400897      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       823506      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total     15454306                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.536409                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt             26159                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001693                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     57512353                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     18122545                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     15218542                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses     15480465                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        31469                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       250395                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           19                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           71                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12707                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles       403777                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles        121176                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13464                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     16292682                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         7398                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1529308                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       826199                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1988                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents        11434                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           71                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       135950                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       132524                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts       268474                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts     15238173                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1317207                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       216133                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                  24                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs            2140641                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches        2165480                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores           823434                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.528908                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent             15218659                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count            15218542                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers         8739147                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers        23549274                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.528226                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.371100                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11477768                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps     14122929                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2169763                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3899                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts       237042                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26171577                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.539629                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.383380                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     20345598     77.74%     77.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2903553     11.09%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1082281      4.14%     92.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       515572      1.97%     94.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       456093      1.74%     96.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       250190      0.96%     97.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       207142      0.79%     98.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        99260      0.38%     98.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       311888      1.19%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26171577                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts     11477768                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps     14122929                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs              2092402                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads             1278911                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars              1946                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches          2036619                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts        12724469                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls       290797                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events       311888                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads           42152303                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes          32989189                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                348591                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles               2235299                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts          11477768                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps            14122929                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total     11477768                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.510127                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.510127                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.398386                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.398386                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads       68574929                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes      21204342                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads      15123558                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes         3894                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles               28810653                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups        2183281                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1953293                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       175150                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1460198                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1435298                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS         128327                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         5286                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles     23131406                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts             12409027                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches           2183281                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches      1563625                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles             2768016                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles        576341                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles       342235                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           29                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines         1400289                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes       171597                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples     26641904                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.521016                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.761151                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0       23873888     89.61%     89.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1         425638      1.60%     91.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2         211062      0.79%     92.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3         420600      1.58%     93.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4         131541      0.49%     94.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5         390355      1.47%     95.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6          60376      0.23%     95.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7          96446      0.36%     96.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8        1031998      3.87%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total     26641904                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.075780                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.430710                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles       22845888                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles       633351                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles         2762434                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles         2229                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles       397998                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved       202899                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred         2221                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts     13856266                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         5149                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles       397998                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles       22878311                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles        376865                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles       159384                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles         2732879                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles        96463                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts     13835886                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents           16                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents        10430                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents        77788                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands     18108574                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups     62666530                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups     62666530                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps     14648815                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps        3459731                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts         1838                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts          937                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts          207533                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads      2518415                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores       398846                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3330                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores        90389                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded         13763921                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1844                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued        12875215                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         8402                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2509475                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      5157489                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           25                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     26641904                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.483269                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.094315                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     20992236     78.79%     78.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1767381      6.63%     85.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1905422      7.15%     92.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      1104828      4.15%     96.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       560102      2.10%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       139930      0.53%     99.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       164857      0.62%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3878      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3270      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     26641904                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         21169     57.13%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8681     23.43%     80.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         7203     19.44%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10082601     78.31%     78.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        99453      0.77%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          902      0.01%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2296961     17.84%     96.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       395298      3.07%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total     12875215                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.446891                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt             37053                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002878                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     52437788                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16275287                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12546434                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses     12912268                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        10014                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       515293                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           52                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10420                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles       397998                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles        250025                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11810                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13765783                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1770                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2518415                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       398846                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          935                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4483                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          248                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           52                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       117928                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        67630                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts       185558                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12712568                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2264598                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       162646                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                  18                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs            2659861                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches        1934281                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores           395263                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.441245                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent             12549370                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count            12546434                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers         7599705                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers        16456284                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.435479                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.461812                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10001404                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps     11238227                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2528071                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1819                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts       173870                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26243906                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.428222                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.299435                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     22069287     84.09%     84.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1633095      6.22%     90.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1056502      4.03%     94.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       330460      1.26%     95.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       555785      2.12%     97.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       105425      0.40%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        67578      0.26%     98.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        61177      0.23%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       364597      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26243906                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts     10001404                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps     11238227                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs              2391548                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads             2003122                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars               907                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches          1726216                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts         9814302                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls       138227                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events       364597                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads           39645568                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes          27930939                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                515911                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles               2168749                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts          10001404                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps            11238227                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total     10001404                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.880661                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.880661                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.347143                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.347143                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads       59124759                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes      16325886                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads      14750242                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes         1818                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles               28810653                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups        2377743                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1946059                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       234091                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       978552                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits         934120                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS         244792                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        10635                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles     22877462                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts             13295854                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches           2377743                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches      1178912                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles             2775320                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles        640160                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles       520287                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           24                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines         1401538                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes       234228                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples     26576135                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614432                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.957417                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0       23800815     89.56%     89.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1         129782      0.49%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2         206014      0.78%     90.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3         277790      1.05%     91.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4         285898      1.08%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5         241530      0.91%     93.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6         135729      0.51%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7         200174      0.75%     95.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8        1298403      4.89%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total     26576135                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.082530                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.461491                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles       22646650                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles       753421                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles         2770138                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles         3147                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles       402778                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved       390719                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          265                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts     16314441                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         1542                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles       402778                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles       22709031                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles        153363                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles       458376                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles         2711584                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles       141000                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts     16307730                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents           36                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents        18823                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents        61714                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands     22757588                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups     75863200                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups     75863200                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps     19689947                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps        3067614                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts         3969                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2034                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts          422906                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads      1528547                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores       825870                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads         9707                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores       250967                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded         16285003                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3985                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued        15452468                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2226                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1824103                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4379537                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           81                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     26576135                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581442                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269823                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19996014     75.24%     75.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2737755     10.30%     85.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1378203      5.19%     90.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      1012395      3.81%     94.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       798873      3.01%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       326746      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       205258      0.77%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       106776      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        14115      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     26576135                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3105     11.88%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead         9902     37.87%     49.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13137     50.25%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12995683     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       231035      1.50%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1934      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1400598      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       823218      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total     15452468                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.536346                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt             26144                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001692                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     57509437                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     18113162                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     15217834                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses     15478612                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        32100                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       249608                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            6                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           74                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12362                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles       402778                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles        121466                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13512                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     16289013                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         7052                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1528547                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       825870                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2035                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents        11489                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           74                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       135662                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       132277                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts       267939                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts     15237246                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1317451                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       215218                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                  25                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs            2140598                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches        2165229                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores           823147                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.528875                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent             15217970                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count            15217834                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers         8737558                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers        23545065                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.528202                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.371099                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11478080                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps     14123273                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2165749                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3904                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts       236802                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26173357                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.539605                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.382826                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     20343654     77.73%     77.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2907005     11.11%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1082896      4.14%     92.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       514662      1.97%     94.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       457930      1.75%     96.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       250328      0.96%     97.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       206363      0.79%     98.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        99200      0.38%     98.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       311319      1.19%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26173357                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts     11478080                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps     14123273                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs              2092447                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads             1278939                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars              1948                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches          2036656                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts        12724784                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls       290801                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events       311319                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads           42150982                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes          32980852                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                348195                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles               2234518                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts          11478080                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps            14123273                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total     11478080                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.510059                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.510059                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.398397                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.398397                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads       68572641                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes      21201808                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads      15121464                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes         3900                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.replacements                          31303                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tagsinuse                      32760.922607                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.total_refs                          1472830                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.sampled_refs                          64059                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.avg_refs                          22.991773                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.warmup_cycle                              0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           249.095139                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    22.208725                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   897.698444                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    26.995243                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   665.334509                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    24.455207                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   573.786961                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    24.421632                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   675.661311                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    21.290759                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   904.848509                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    25.954014                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   578.418821                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    24.130677                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data  1553.281607                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    23.339507                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   676.820260                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    25.225071                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   571.695699                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    22.037708                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data  1303.620941                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    24.117691                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data  1307.763280                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    25.561878                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   668.977431                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    21.869609                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   895.284210                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    25.086157                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   673.993643                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    21.160063                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   896.254666                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    28.825807                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   684.618337                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu00.data          1392.073237                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu01.data          1044.676336                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu02.data           799.680735                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu03.data          1028.498010                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu04.data          1374.318218                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu05.data           805.965956                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu06.data          1570.818150                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu07.data          1010.910810                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu08.data           807.310847                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu09.data          1472.231317                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu10.data          1512.054116                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu11.data          1046.332805                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu12.data          1375.243796                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu13.data          1010.928975                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu14.data          1347.513690                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu15.data           998.532094                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_percent::writebacks            0.007602                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000678                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.027396                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000824                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.020304                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000746                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.017511                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000745                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.020620                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000650                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.027614                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000792                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.017652                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000736                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.047402                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000712                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.020655                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000770                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.017447                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000673                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.039783                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000736                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.039910                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000780                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.020416                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000667                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.027322                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000766                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.020569                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000646                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.027352                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000880                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.020893                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu00.data            0.042483                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu01.data            0.031881                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu02.data            0.024404                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu03.data            0.031387                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu04.data            0.041941                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu05.data            0.024596                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu06.data            0.047938                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu07.data            0.030851                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu08.data            0.024637                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu09.data            0.044929                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu10.data            0.046144                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu11.data            0.031932                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu12.data            0.041969                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu13.data            0.030851                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu14.data            0.041123                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu15.data            0.030473                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::total                 0.999784                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         4025                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         3023                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         2906                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         3000                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         4024                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         2902                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         5641                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         2993                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         2890                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         5069                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         5048                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         3020                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         4021                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         3000                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         4045                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         2990                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   58626                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks            15385                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                 15385                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   239                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data         4034                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data         3041                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data         2923                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data         3018                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data         4033                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data         2918                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data         5650                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data         3011                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data         2907                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data         5087                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data         5066                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data         3038                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data         4030                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data         3018                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data         4054                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data         3008                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    58865                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data         4034                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data         3041                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data         2923                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data         3018                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data         4033                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data         2918                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data         5650                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data         3011                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data         2907                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data         5087                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data         5066                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data         3038                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data         4030                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data         3018                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data         4054                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data         3008                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   58865                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1996                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1503                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1287                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1527                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2003                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1295                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3544                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1538                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1285                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3103                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3094                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1507                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1975                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1533                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1976                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1542                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 31283                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1996                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1503                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1287                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1527                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2003                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1295                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3544                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1538                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1285                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3103                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3094                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1507                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1975                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1533                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1976                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1542                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  31283                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           32                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1996                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1503                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1287                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1527                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           31                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2003                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1295                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3544                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1538                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1285                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3103                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3094                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1507                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           30                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1975                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1533                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           30                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1976                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           44                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1542                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 31283                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5221194                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    328385055                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6362334                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    249070771                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5514177                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    215983296                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6075032                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    253779787                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5032465                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    331034278                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5807886                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    216190972                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6055746                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    585638384                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6187485                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    253951878                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6257221                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    214073328                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5794879                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    517465997                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6039213                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    513150440                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6312177                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    248641324                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      4829839                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    326877443                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7253996                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    253813082                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      4947584                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    328239052                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      7056455                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    253279584                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5184322354                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5221194                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    328385055                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6362334                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    249070771                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5514177                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    215983296                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6075032                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    253779787                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5032465                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    331034278                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5807886                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    216190972                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6055746                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    585638384                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6187485                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    253951878                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6257221                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    214073328                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5794879                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    517465997                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6039213                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    513150440                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6312177                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    248641324                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      4829839                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    326877443                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7253996                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    253813082                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      4947584                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    328239052                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      7056455                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    253279584                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       5184322354                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5221194                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    328385055                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6362334                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    249070771                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5514177                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    215983296                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6075032                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    253779787                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5032465                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    331034278                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5807886                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    216190972                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6055746                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    585638384                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6187485                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    253951878                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6257221                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    214073328                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5794879                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    517465997                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6039213                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    513150440                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6312177                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    248641324                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      4829839                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    326877443                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7253996                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    253813082                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      4947584                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    328239052                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      7056455                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    253279584                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      5184322354                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         6021                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         4526                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         4193                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         4527                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         6027                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         4197                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         9185                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         4531                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         4175                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         8172                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         8142                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         4527                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         5996                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         4533                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         6021                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         4532                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               89909                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        15385                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total             15385                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               239                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         6030                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         4544                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         4210                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         4545                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         6036                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         4213                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         9194                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         4549                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         4192                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         8190                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         8160                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         4545                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         6005                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         4551                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         6030                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         4550                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                90148                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           33                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         6030                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         4544                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         4210                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         4545                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           32                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         6036                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         4213                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         9194                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         4549                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         4192                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         8190                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         8160                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         4545                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           31                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         6005                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           44                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         4551                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           31                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         6030                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           46                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         4550                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               90148                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.969697                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.331506                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.332081                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.945946                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.306940                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.926829                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.337309                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.968750                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.332338                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.945946                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.308554                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.385846                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.925000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.339439                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.307784                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.379711                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.380005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.332892                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.329386                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.931818                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.338187                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.328185                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.956522                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.340247                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.347941                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.969697                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.331012                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.330766                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.945946                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.305701                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.926829                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.335974                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.968750                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.331842                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.945946                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.307382                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.385469                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.925000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.338096                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.306536                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.378877                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.379167                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.331573                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.328893                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.931818                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.336849                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.327695                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.956522                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.338901                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.347018                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.969697                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.331012                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.330766                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.945946                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.305701                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.926829                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.335974                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.968750                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.331842                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.945946                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.307382                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.385469                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.925000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.338096                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.306536                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.378877                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.379167                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.331573                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.328893                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.931818                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.336849                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.327695                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.956522                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.338901                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.347018                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 163162.312500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 164521.570641                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 163136.769231                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 165715.749168                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 157547.914286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 167819.188811                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 159869.263158                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 166195.014407                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 162337.580645                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 165269.235147                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 165939.600000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 166942.835521                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 163668.810811                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 165247.851016                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 167229.324324                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 165118.256177                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 164663.710526                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 166594.029572                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 165567.971429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 166763.131486                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 172548.942857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 165853.406593                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 166109.921053                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 164990.925017                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 160994.633333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 165507.566076                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 176926.731707                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 165566.263536                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 164919.466667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 166112.880567                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 160373.977273                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 164253.945525                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 165723.311511                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 163162.312500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 164521.570641                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 163136.769231                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 165715.749168                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 157547.914286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 167819.188811                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 159869.263158                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 166195.014407                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 162337.580645                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 165269.235147                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 165939.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 166942.835521                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 163668.810811                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 165247.851016                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 167229.324324                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 165118.256177                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 164663.710526                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 166594.029572                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 165567.971429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 166763.131486                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 172548.942857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 165853.406593                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 166109.921053                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 164990.925017                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 160994.633333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 165507.566076                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 176926.731707                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 165566.263536                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 164919.466667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 166112.880567                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 160373.977273                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 164253.945525                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 165723.311511                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 163162.312500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 164521.570641                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 163136.769231                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 165715.749168                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 157547.914286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 167819.188811                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 159869.263158                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 166195.014407                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 162337.580645                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 165269.235147                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 165939.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 166942.835521                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 163668.810811                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 165247.851016                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 167229.324324                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 165118.256177                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 164663.710526                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 166594.029572                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 165567.971429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 166763.131486                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 172548.942857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 165853.406593                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 166109.921053                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 164990.925017                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 160994.633333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 165507.566076                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 176926.731707                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 165566.263536                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 164919.466667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 166112.880567                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 160373.977273                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 164253.945525                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 165723.311511                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 8212                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      8212                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1996                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1503                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1287                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1527                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2003                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1295                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3544                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1538                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1285                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3103                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3094                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1507                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1975                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1533                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1976                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1542                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            31283                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1996                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1503                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1287                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1527                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2003                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1295                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3544                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1538                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1285                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3103                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3094                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1507                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1975                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1533                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1976                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1542                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             31283                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1996                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1503                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1287                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1527                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2003                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1295                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3544                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1538                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1285                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3103                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3094                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1507                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1975                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1533                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1976                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1542                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            31283                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3360044                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    212120210                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      4094338                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    161551555                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3477096                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    141045435                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3869462                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    164877645                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3230542                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    214342928                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3775915                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    140781105                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3899869                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    379308900                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      4041921                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    164386128                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      4046521                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    139255029                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3758197                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    336792539                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4002821                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    332985261                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4107827                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    160900664                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3086854                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    211820547                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      4872839                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    164553555                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3204721                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    213128603                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      4497568                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    163507887                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3362684526                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3360044                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    212120210                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      4094338                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    161551555                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3477096                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    141045435                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3869462                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    164877645                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3230542                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    214342928                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3775915                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    140781105                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3899869                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    379308900                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      4041921                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    164386128                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      4046521                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    139255029                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3758197                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    336792539                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4002821                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    332985261                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4107827                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    160900664                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3086854                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    211820547                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      4872839                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    164553555                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3204721                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    213128603                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      4497568                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    163507887                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3362684526                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3360044                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    212120210                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      4094338                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    161551555                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3477096                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    141045435                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3869462                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    164877645                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3230542                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    214342928                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3775915                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    140781105                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3899869                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    379308900                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      4041921                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    164386128                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      4046521                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    139255029                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3758197                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    336792539                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4002821                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    332985261                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4107827                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    160900664                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3086854                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    211820547                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      4872839                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    164553555                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3204721                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    213128603                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      4497568                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    163507887                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3362684526                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.331506                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.332081                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.945946                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.306940                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.926829                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.337309                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.332338                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.945946                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.308554                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.385846                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.925000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.339439                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.307784                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.379711                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.380005                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.332892                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.329386                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.931818                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.338187                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.328185                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.956522                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.340247                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.347941                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.331012                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.330766                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.945946                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.305701                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.926829                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.335974                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.331842                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.945946                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.307382                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.385469                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.925000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.338096                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.306536                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.378877                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.379167                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.331573                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.328893                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.931818                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.336849                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.327695                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.956522                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.338901                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.347018                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.331012                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.330766                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.945946                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.305701                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.926829                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.335974                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.331842                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.945946                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.307382                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.385469                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.925000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.338096                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.306536                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.378877                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.379167                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.331573                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.328893                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.931818                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.336849                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.327695                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.956522                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.338901                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.347018                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 105001.375000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 106272.650301                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 104983.025641                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 107486.064538                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 99345.600000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 109592.412587                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 101827.947368                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 107974.882122                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 104211.032258                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 107010.947579                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 107883.285714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 108711.277992                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 105401.864865                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 107028.470655                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 109241.108108                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 106883.048114                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 106487.394737                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 108369.672374                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 107377.057143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 108537.718015                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 114366.314286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 107622.902715                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 108100.710526                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 106768.854678                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 102895.133333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 107250.909873                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 118849.731707                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 107340.870841                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 106824.033333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 107858.604757                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 102217.454545                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 106036.243191                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107492.392865                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 105001.375000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 106272.650301                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 104983.025641                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 107486.064538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 99345.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 109592.412587                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 101827.947368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 107974.882122                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 104211.032258                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 107010.947579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 107883.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 108711.277992                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 105401.864865                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 107028.470655                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 109241.108108                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 106883.048114                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 106487.394737                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 108369.672374                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 107377.057143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 108537.718015                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 114366.314286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 107622.902715                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 108100.710526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 106768.854678                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 102895.133333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 107250.909873                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 118849.731707                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 107340.870841                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 106824.033333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 107858.604757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 102217.454545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 106036.243191                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107492.392865                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 105001.375000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 106272.650301                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 104983.025641                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 107486.064538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 99345.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 109592.412587                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 101827.947368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 107974.882122                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 104211.032258                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 107010.947579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 107883.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 108711.277992                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 105401.864865                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 107028.470655                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 109241.108108                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 106883.048114                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 106487.394737                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 108369.672374                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 107377.057143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 108537.718015                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 114366.314286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 107622.902715                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 108100.710526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 106768.854678                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 102895.133333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 107250.909873                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 118849.731707                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 107340.870841                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 106824.033333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 107858.604757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 102217.454545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 106036.243191                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107492.392865                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              553.685340                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1001432940                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  560                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1788273.107143                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    27.632124                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst   526.053217                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.044282                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.843034                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.887316                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1400671                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1400671                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1400671                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total        1400671                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1400671                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total       1400671                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6620785                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6620785                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6620785                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6620785                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6620785                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6620785                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1400711                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1400711                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1400711                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total      1400711                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1400711                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total      1400711                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000029                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000029                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000029                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 165519.625000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 165519.625000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 165519.625000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 165519.625000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 165519.625000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 165519.625000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5642664                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5642664                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5642664                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5642664                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5642664                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5642664                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 170989.818182                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170989.818182                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 170989.818182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170989.818182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 170989.818182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170989.818182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                 6030                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              221206448                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                 6286                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             35190.335348                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   184.435204                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    71.564796                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.720450                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.279550                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      2074181                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       2074181                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       386426                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       386426                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          921                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          921                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          908                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          908                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data      2460607                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total        2460607                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data      2460607                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total       2460607                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        20714                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        20714                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           45                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           45                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        20759                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total        20759                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        20759                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total        20759                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2337668844                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2337668844                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      4210062                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      4210062                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2341878906                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2341878906                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2341878906                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2341878906                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      2094895                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2094895                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       386471                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       386471                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          921                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          921                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          908                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          908                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      2481366                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2481366                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      2481366                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2481366                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.009888                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009888                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000116                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008366                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008366                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008366                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008366                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 112854.535290                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 112854.535290                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 93556.933333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93556.933333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 112812.703213                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 112812.703213                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 112812.703213                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 112812.703213                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          767                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total             767                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        14693                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        14693                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data           36                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           36                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        14729                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14729                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        14729                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14729                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         6021                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6021                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         6030                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6030                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         6030                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6030                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    618589163                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    618589163                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       634150                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       634150                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    619223313                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    619223313                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    619223313                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    619223313                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002874                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002874                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002430                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002430                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002430                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002430                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 102738.608703                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102738.608703                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 70461.111111                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70461.111111                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 102690.433333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102690.433333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 102690.433333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102690.433333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              508.517806                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs             1074537193                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             2078408.497099                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    33.517806                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.053714                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.814932                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1401656                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1401656                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1401656                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total        1401656                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1401656                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total       1401656                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      9995529                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9995529                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      9995529                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9995529                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      9995529                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9995529                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1401709                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1401709                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1401709                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total      1401709                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1401709                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total      1401709                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 188594.886792                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 188594.886792                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 188594.886792                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 188594.886792                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 188594.886792                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 188594.886792                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      8222458                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8222458                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      8222458                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      8222458                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      8222458                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      8222458                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 195772.809524                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 195772.809524                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 195772.809524                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 195772.809524                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 195772.809524                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 195772.809524                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                 4544                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              163969567                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                 4800                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             34160.326458                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   221.537811                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    34.462189                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.865382                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.134618                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       964391                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        964391                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       810332                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       810332                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         2025                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2025                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1950                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1950                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data      1774723                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total        1774723                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data      1774723                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total       1774723                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        14575                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        14575                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          104                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          104                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        14679                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total        14679                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        14679                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total        14679                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1786660248                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1786660248                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     10093161                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     10093161                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1796753409                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1796753409                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1796753409                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1796753409                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       978966                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       978966                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       810436                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       810436                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         2025                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2025                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         1950                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1950                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      1789402                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1789402                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      1789402                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1789402                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.014888                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014888                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000128                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000128                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008203                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008203                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008203                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008203                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 122583.893516                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 122583.893516                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 97049.625000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 97049.625000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 122402.984468                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 122402.984468                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 122402.984468                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 122402.984468                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          946                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total             946                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        10049                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        10049                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data           86                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           86                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        10135                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        10135                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        10135                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        10135                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         4526                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4526                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         4544                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4544                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         4544                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4544                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    467968461                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    467968461                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      1447286                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1447286                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    469415747                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    469415747                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    469415747                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    469415747                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.004623                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004623                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002539                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002539                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002539                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002539                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 103395.594565                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103395.594565                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 80404.777778                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80404.777778                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 103304.521787                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103304.521787                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 103304.521787                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103304.521787                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              487.417256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs             1077534464                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  492                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             2190110.699187                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    32.417256                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.051951                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.781117                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1410450                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1410450                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1410450                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total        1410450                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1410450                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total       1410450                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      7681259                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7681259                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      7681259                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7681259                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      7681259                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7681259                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1410499                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1410499                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1410499                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total      1410499                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1410499                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total      1410499                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 156760.387755                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 156760.387755                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 156760.387755                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 156760.387755                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 156760.387755                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 156760.387755                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6090212                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6090212                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6090212                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6090212                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6090212                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6090212                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 164600.324324                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164600.324324                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 164600.324324                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164600.324324                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 164600.324324                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164600.324324                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                 4210                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              160312981                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                 4466                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             35896.323556                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   221.103948                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    34.896052                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.863687                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.136313                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      1123533                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1123533                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       833952                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       833952                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         2153                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2153                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         2026                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         2026                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data      1957485                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total        1957485                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data      1957485                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total       1957485                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        10765                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        10765                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data           96                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           96                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        10861                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total        10861                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        10861                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total        10861                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1179728653                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1179728653                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      7162608                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7162608                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1186891261                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1186891261                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1186891261                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1186891261                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      1134298                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1134298                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       834048                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       834048                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         2153                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2153                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         2026                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         2026                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      1968346                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1968346                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      1968346                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1968346                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.009490                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009490                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000115                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.005518                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005518                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.005518                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005518                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 109589.284998                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 109589.284998                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 74610.500000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 74610.500000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 109280.108738                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 109280.108738                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 109280.108738                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 109280.108738                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          916                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total             916                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         6572                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         6572                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data           79                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           79                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         6651                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         6651                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         6651                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         6651                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         4193                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4193                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         4210                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4210                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         4210                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4210                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    422931543                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    422931543                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      1335880                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1335880                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    424267423                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    424267423                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    424267423                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    424267423                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003697                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003697                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002139                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002139                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002139                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002139                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 100866.096590                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100866.096590                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 78581.176471                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78581.176471                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 100776.109976                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100776.109976                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 100776.109976                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100776.109976                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              507.334695                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs             1074537038                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  516                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             2082436.120155                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    32.334695                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.051818                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.813036                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1401501                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1401501                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1401501                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total        1401501                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1401501                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total       1401501                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      9481853                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9481853                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      9481853                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9481853                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      9481853                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9481853                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1401551                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1401551                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1401551                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total      1401551                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1401551                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total      1401551                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 189637.060000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 189637.060000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 189637.060000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 189637.060000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 189637.060000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 189637.060000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      7910074                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7910074                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      7910074                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7910074                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      7910074                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7910074                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 192928.634146                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 192928.634146                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 192928.634146                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 192928.634146                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 192928.634146                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 192928.634146                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                 4545                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              163968252                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                 4801                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             34152.937305                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   221.534773                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    34.465227                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.865370                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.134630                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       963771                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        963771                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       809616                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       809616                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         2047                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2047                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1949                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1949                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data      1773387                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total        1773387                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data      1773387                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total       1773387                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        14532                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        14532                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          101                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          101                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        14633                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total        14633                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        14633                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total        14633                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1796461520                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1796461520                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      8400542                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8400542                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1804862062                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1804862062                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1804862062                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1804862062                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       978303                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       978303                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       809717                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       809717                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         2047                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2047                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         1949                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1949                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      1788020                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1788020                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      1788020                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1788020                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.014854                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014854                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000125                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000125                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008184                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008184                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008184                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008184                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 123621.078998                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123621.078998                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 83173.683168                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83173.683168                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 123341.902686                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 123341.902686                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 123341.902686                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 123341.902686                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          946                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total             946                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        10005                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        10005                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data           83                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           83                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        10088                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        10088                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        10088                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        10088                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         4527                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4527                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         4545                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4545                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         4545                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4545                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    474141880                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    474141880                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      1214621                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1214621                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    475356501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    475356501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    475356501                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    475356501                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.004627                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004627                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002542                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002542                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002542                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002542                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 104736.443561                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104736.443561                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 67478.944444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67478.944444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 104588.889109                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104588.889109                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 104588.889109                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104588.889109                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              553.687391                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs             1001432766                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  559                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1791471.853309                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    27.518069                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst   526.169322                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.044099                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.843220                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.887320                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1400497                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1400497                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1400497                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total        1400497                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1400497                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total       1400497                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6376564                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6376564                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6376564                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6376564                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6376564                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6376564                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1400536                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1400536                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1400536                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total      1400536                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1400536                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total      1400536                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000028                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000028                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000028                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 163501.641026                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 163501.641026                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 163501.641026                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 163501.641026                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 163501.641026                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 163501.641026                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5486106                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5486106                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5486106                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5486106                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5486106                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5486106                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 171440.812500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 171440.812500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 171440.812500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 171440.812500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 171440.812500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 171440.812500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                 6036                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              221205051                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                 6292                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             35156.556103                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   184.841988                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    71.158012                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.722039                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.277961                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      2073127                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       2073127                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       386086                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       386086                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          920                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          920                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          906                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          906                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data      2459213                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total        2459213                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data      2459213                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total       2459213                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data        20758                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        20758                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           45                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           45                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data        20803                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total        20803                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data        20803                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total        20803                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2346857777                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2346857777                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      3836779                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      3836779                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2350694556                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2350694556                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2350694556                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2350694556                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      2093885                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2093885                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       386131                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       386131                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          920                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          920                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          906                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          906                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      2480016                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2480016                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      2480016                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2480016                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.009914                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009914                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000117                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000117                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008388                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008388                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008388                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008388                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 113057.990991                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 113057.990991                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 85261.755556                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85261.755556                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 112997.863577                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 112997.863577                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 112997.863577                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 112997.863577                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          752                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total             752                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        14731                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        14731                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data           36                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           36                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        14767                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14767                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        14767                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14767                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         6027                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6027                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         6036                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6036                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         6036                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6036                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    621776043                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    621776043                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       615805                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       615805                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    622391848                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    622391848                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    622391848                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    622391848                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002878                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002878                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002434                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002434                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002434                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002434                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 103165.097561                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103165.097561                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 68422.777778                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68422.777778                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 103113.294897                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103113.294897                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 103113.294897                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103113.294897                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              487.419718                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs             1077534300                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  492                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             2190110.365854                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    32.419718                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.051955                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.781121                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1410286                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1410286                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1410286                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total        1410286                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1410286                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total       1410286                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      8372692                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8372692                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      8372692                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8372692                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      8372692                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8372692                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1410334                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1410334                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1410334                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total      1410334                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1410334                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total      1410334                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 174431.083333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 174431.083333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 174431.083333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 174431.083333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 174431.083333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 174431.083333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6650099                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6650099                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6650099                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6650099                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6650099                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6650099                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 179732.405405                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 179732.405405                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 179732.405405                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 179732.405405                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 179732.405405                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 179732.405405                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                 4213                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              160312985                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                 4469                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             35872.227568                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   221.106514                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    34.893486                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.863697                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.136303                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      1123441                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1123441                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       834039                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       834039                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         2162                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2162                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         2026                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         2026                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data      1957480                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total        1957480                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data      1957480                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total       1957480                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        10834                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        10834                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           64                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           64                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        10898                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total        10898                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        10898                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total        10898                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1190837045                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1190837045                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      5931678                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      5931678                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1196768723                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1196768723                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1196768723                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1196768723                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      1134275                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1134275                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       834103                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       834103                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         2162                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2162                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         2026                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         2026                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      1968378                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1968378                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      1968378                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1968378                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.009551                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009551                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000077                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000077                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.005537                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005537                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.005537                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005537                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 109916.655437                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 109916.655437                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 92682.468750                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92682.468750                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 109815.445311                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 109815.445311                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 109815.445311                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 109815.445311                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          916                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total             916                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         6637                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         6637                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data           48                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           48                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         6685                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         6685                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         6685                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         6685                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         4197                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4197                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         4213                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4213                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         4213                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4213                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    423671851                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    423671851                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      1248915                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1248915                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    424920766                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    424920766                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    424920766                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    424920766                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003700                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003700                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002140                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002140                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002140                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002140                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 100946.354777                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100946.354777                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 78057.187500                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78057.187500                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 100859.427012                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100859.427012                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 100859.427012                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100859.427012                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    3                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              573.274744                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs             1108892480                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  581                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1908592.908778                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    32.224148                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst   541.050596                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.051641                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.867068                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.918710                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1365162                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1365162                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1365162                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total        1365162                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1365162                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total       1365162                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      8322696                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8322696                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      8322696                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8322696                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      8322696                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8322696                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1365212                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1365212                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1365212                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total      1365212                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1365212                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total      1365212                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 166453.920000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 166453.920000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 166453.920000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 166453.920000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 166453.920000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 166453.920000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6666012                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6666012                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6666012                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6666012                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6666012                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6666012                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 175421.368421                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 175421.368421                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 175421.368421                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 175421.368421                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 175421.368421                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 175421.368421                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                 9193                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              440734811                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                 9449                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             46643.540163                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   111.165810                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data   144.834190                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.434241                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.565759                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      3572170                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3572170                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      1955324                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1955324                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          957                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          957                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          954                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          954                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data      5527494                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total        5527494                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data      5527494                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total       5527494                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        32605                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        32605                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           29                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           29                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        32634                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total        32634                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        32634                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total        32634                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3912678363                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3912678363                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      2274024                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2274024                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3914952387                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3914952387                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3914952387                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3914952387                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      3604775                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3604775                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      1955353                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1955353                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          957                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          957                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          954                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          954                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      5560128                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total      5560128                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      5560128                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total      5560128                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.009045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.005869                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005869                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.005869                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005869                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 120002.403404                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120002.403404                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 78414.620690                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78414.620690                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 119965.446681                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 119965.446681                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 119965.446681                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 119965.446681                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1901                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total            1901                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        23420                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        23420                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        23440                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        23440                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        23440                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        23440                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         9185                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         9185                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         9194                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         9194                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         9194                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         9194                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1015185676                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1015185676                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       595339                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       595339                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1015781015                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1015781015                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1015781015                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1015781015                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002548                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002548                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.001654                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001654                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.001654                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001654                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 110526.475340                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110526.475340                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 66148.777778                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66148.777778                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 110483.034044                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110483.034044                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 110483.034044                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110483.034044                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              507.315015                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs             1074537087                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  515                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             2086479.780583                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    32.315015                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.051787                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.813005                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1401550                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1401550                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1401550                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total        1401550                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1401550                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total       1401550                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      9676343                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9676343                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      9676343                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9676343                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      9676343                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9676343                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1401601                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1401601                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1401601                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total      1401601                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1401601                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total      1401601                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 189732.215686                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 189732.215686                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 189732.215686                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 189732.215686                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 189732.215686                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 189732.215686                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      7986930                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7986930                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      7986930                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7986930                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      7986930                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7986930                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 199673.250000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 199673.250000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 199673.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 199673.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 199673.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 199673.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                 4549                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              163968404                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                 4805                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             34124.537773                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   221.534267                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    34.465733                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.865368                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.134632                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       964102                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        964102                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       809469                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       809469                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         2016                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2016                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1948                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1948                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data      1773571                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total        1773571                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data      1773571                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total       1773571                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data        14555                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        14555                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          105                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          105                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data        14660                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total        14660                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data        14660                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total        14660                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1793549473                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1793549473                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      9256440                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      9256440                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1802805913                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1802805913                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1802805913                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1802805913                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       978657                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       978657                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       809574                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       809574                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         2016                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2016                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         1948                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1948                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      1788231                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1788231                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      1788231                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1788231                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.014872                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014872                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000130                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000130                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008198                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008198                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008198                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008198                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 123225.659430                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123225.659430                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 88156.571429                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88156.571429                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 122974.482469                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 122974.482469                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 122974.482469                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 122974.482469                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          938                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total             938                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        10024                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        10024                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data           87                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           87                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        10111                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        10111                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        10111                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        10111                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         4531                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4531                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         4549                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4549                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         4549                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4549                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    472966513                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    472966513                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      1299992                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1299992                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    474266505                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    474266505                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    474266505                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    474266505                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.004630                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004630                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002544                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002544                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002544                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002544                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 104384.575811                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104384.575811                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 72221.777778                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72221.777778                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 104257.310398                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104257.310398                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 104257.310398                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104257.310398                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              487.911240                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs             1077534325                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  495                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             2176837.020202                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    32.911240                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.052742                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.781909                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1410311                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1410311                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1410311                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total        1410311                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1410311                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total       1410311                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      8833973                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8833973                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      8833973                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8833973                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      8833973                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8833973                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1410361                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1410361                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1410361                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total      1410361                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1410361                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total      1410361                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 176679.460000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 176679.460000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 176679.460000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 176679.460000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 176679.460000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 176679.460000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      7143443                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7143443                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      7143443                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7143443                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      7143443                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7143443                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 178586.075000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 178586.075000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 178586.075000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 178586.075000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 178586.075000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 178586.075000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                 4192                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              160313311                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                 4448                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             36041.661646                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   221.097543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    34.902457                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.863662                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.136338                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      1123522                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1123522                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       834281                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       834281                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         2165                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2165                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         2026                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         2026                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data      1957803                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total        1957803                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data      1957803                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total       1957803                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        10773                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        10773                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data           80                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           80                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        10853                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total        10853                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        10853                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total        10853                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1169017913                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1169017913                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      6580163                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6580163                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1175598076                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1175598076                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1175598076                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1175598076                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      1134295                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1134295                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       834361                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       834361                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         2165                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2165                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         2026                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         2026                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      1968656                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1968656                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      1968656                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1968656                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.009498                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009498                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000096                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000096                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.005513                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005513                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.005513                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005513                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 108513.683561                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108513.683561                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 82252.037500                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82252.037500                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 108320.102829                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 108320.102829                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 108320.102829                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 108320.102829                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          914                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total             914                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         6598                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         6598                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data           63                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           63                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         6661                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         6661                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         6661                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         6661                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         4175                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4175                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         4192                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4192                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         4192                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4192                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    419851626                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    419851626                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      1242881                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1242881                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    421094507                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    421094507                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    421094507                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    421094507                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.003681                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003681                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002129                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002129                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002129                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002129                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 100563.263713                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100563.263713                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 73110.647059                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73110.647059                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 100451.933922                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100451.933922                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 100451.933922                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100451.933922                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              520.661496                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs             1080582331                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  526                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             2054339.032319                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    30.661496                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.049137                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.834393                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1395854                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1395854                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1395854                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total        1395854                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1395854                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total       1395854                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      8101428                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8101428                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      8101428                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8101428                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      8101428                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8101428                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1395902                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1395902                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1395902                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total      1395902                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1395902                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total      1395902                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 168779.750000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 168779.750000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 168779.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 168779.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 168779.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 168779.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6265784                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6265784                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6265784                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6265784                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6265784                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6265784                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 174049.555556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 174049.555556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 174049.555556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 174049.555556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 174049.555556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 174049.555556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                 8190                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              178891420                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                 8446                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             21180.608572                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   228.827202                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    27.172798                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.893856                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.106144                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       967735                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        967735                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       799922                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       799922                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         2231                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2231                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1866                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1866                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data      1767657                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total        1767657                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data      1767657                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total       1767657                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data        21096                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        21096                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          104                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          104                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data        21200                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total        21200                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data        21200                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total        21200                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2549914907                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2549914907                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      8581971                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8581971                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2558496878                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2558496878                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2558496878                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2558496878                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       988831                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       988831                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       800026                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       800026                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         2231                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2231                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         1866                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1866                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      1788857                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1788857                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      1788857                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1788857                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.021334                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021334                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000130                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000130                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.011851                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011851                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.011851                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011851                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 120871.961841                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120871.961841                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 82518.951923                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82518.951923                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 120683.815000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 120683.815000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 120683.815000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 120683.815000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1009                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total            1009                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        12924                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        12924                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data           86                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           86                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        13010                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        13010                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        13010                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        13010                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         8172                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8172                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         8190                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         8190                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         8190                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8190                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    888509858                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    888509858                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      1168457                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1168457                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    889678315                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    889678315                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    889678315                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    889678315                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.008264                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008264                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.004578                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004578                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.004578                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004578                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 108726.120656                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108726.120656                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 64914.277778                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64914.277778                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 108629.830891                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108629.830891                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 108629.830891                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108629.830891                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              520.481333                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs             1080582481                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  526                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             2054339.317490                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    30.481333                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.048848                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.834105                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1396004                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1396004                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1396004                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total        1396004                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1396004                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total       1396004                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      7881108                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7881108                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      7881108                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7881108                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      7881108                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7881108                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1396049                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1396049                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1396049                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total      1396049                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1396049                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total      1396049                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000032                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000032                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000032                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 175135.733333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 175135.733333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 175135.733333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 175135.733333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 175135.733333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 175135.733333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6563190                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6563190                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6563190                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6563190                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6563190                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6563190                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 182310.833333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 182310.833333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 182310.833333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 182310.833333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 182310.833333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 182310.833333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                 8160                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              178890783                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                 8416                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             21256.034102                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   228.813669                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    27.186331                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.893803                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.106197                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       967656                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        967656                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       799456                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       799456                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         2141                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2141                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1864                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1864                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data      1767112                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total        1767112                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data      1767112                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total       1767112                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        20930                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        20930                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          110                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          110                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        21040                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total        21040                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        21040                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total        21040                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2526876377                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2526876377                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      9091025                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      9091025                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2535967402                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2535967402                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2535967402                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2535967402                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       988586                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       988586                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       799566                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       799566                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         2141                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2141                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         1864                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1864                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      1788152                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1788152                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      1788152                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1788152                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.021172                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021172                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000138                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000138                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.011766                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011766                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.011766                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011766                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 120729.879455                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120729.879455                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 82645.681818                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82645.681818                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 120530.770057                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 120530.770057                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 120530.770057                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 120530.770057                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1030                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total            1030                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        12788                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        12788                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data           92                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           92                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        12880                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        12880                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        12880                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        12880                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         8142                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8142                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         8160                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         8160                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         8160                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8160                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    883620062                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    883620062                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      1169404                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1169404                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    884789466                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    884789466                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    884789466                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    884789466                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008236                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008236                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.004563                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004563                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.004563                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004563                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 108526.168263                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108526.168263                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 64966.888889                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64966.888889                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 108430.081618                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108430.081618                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 108430.081618                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108430.081618                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              507.151025                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs             1074537516                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  515                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             2086480.613592                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    32.151025                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.051524                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.812742                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1401979                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1401979                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1401979                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total        1401979                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1401979                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total       1401979                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      9662824                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9662824                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      9662824                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9662824                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      9662824                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9662824                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1402029                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1402029                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1402029                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total      1402029                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1402029                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total      1402029                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 193256.480000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 193256.480000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 193256.480000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 193256.480000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 193256.480000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 193256.480000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      7932462                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7932462                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      7932462                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7932462                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      7932462                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7932462                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 198311.550000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 198311.550000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 198311.550000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 198311.550000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 198311.550000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 198311.550000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                 4545                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              163968513                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                 4801                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             34152.991668                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   221.539661                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    34.460339                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.865389                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.134611                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       963792                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        963792                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       809866                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       809866                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         2036                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2036                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1950                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1950                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data      1773658                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total        1773658                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data      1773658                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total       1773658                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        14572                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        14572                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          108                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          108                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        14680                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total        14680                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        14680                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total        14680                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1781517867                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1781517867                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     11948154                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     11948154                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1793466021                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1793466021                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1793466021                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1793466021                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       978364                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       978364                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       809974                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       809974                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         2036                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2036                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         1950                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1950                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      1788338                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1788338                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      1788338                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1788338                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.014894                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014894                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000133                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000133                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008209                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008209                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008209                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008209                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 122256.235726                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 122256.235726                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 110631.055556                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 110631.055556                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 122170.709877                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 122170.709877                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 122170.709877                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 122170.709877                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          947                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total             947                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        10045                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        10045                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data           90                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           90                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        10135                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        10135                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        10135                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        10135                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         4527                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4527                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         4545                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4545                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         4545                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4545                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    469018951                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    469018951                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      1762135                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1762135                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    470781086                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    470781086                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    470781086                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    470781086                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.004627                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004627                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002541                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002541                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002541                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002541                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 103604.804727                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103604.804727                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 97896.388889                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97896.388889                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 103582.197140                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103582.197140                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 103582.197140                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103582.197140                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              553.204072                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs             1001432881                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  558                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1794682.582437                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    27.034897                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst   526.169175                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.043325                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.843220                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.886545                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1400612                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1400612                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1400612                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total        1400612                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1400612                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total       1400612                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6331501                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6331501                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6331501                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6331501                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6331501                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6331501                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1400651                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1400651                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1400651                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total      1400651                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1400651                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total      1400651                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000028                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000028                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000028                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 162346.179487                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 162346.179487                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 162346.179487                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 162346.179487                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 162346.179487                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 162346.179487                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5315098                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5315098                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5315098                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5315098                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5315098                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5315098                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 171454.774194                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 171454.774194                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 171454.774194                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 171454.774194                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 171454.774194                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 171454.774194                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                 6005                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              221205044                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                 6261                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             35330.625140                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   184.851515                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    71.148485                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.722076                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.277924                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      2073127                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       2073127                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       386086                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       386086                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          913                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          913                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          906                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          906                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data      2459213                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total        2459213                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data      2459213                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total       2459213                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        20714                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        20714                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data           45                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           45                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        20759                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total        20759                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        20759                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total        20759                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2338008507                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2338008507                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      4036992                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      4036992                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2342045499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2342045499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2342045499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2342045499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      2093841                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2093841                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       386131                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       386131                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          913                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          913                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          906                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          906                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      2479972                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2479972                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      2479972                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2479972                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.009893                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009893                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000117                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000117                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008371                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008371                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008371                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008371                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 112870.933040                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 112870.933040                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 89710.933333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89710.933333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 112820.728311                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 112820.728311                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 112820.728311                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 112820.728311                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          759                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total             759                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        14718                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        14718                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data           36                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           36                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        14754                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14754                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        14754                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14754                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         5996                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5996                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         6005                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6005                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         6005                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6005                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    617189125                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    617189125                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       628359                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       628359                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    617817484                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    617817484                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    617817484                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    617817484                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002864                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002864                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002421                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002421                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002421                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002421                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 102933.476484                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102933.476484                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 69817.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69817.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 102883.844130                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102883.844130                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 102883.844130                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102883.844130                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              509.874192                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs             1074537262                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             2070399.348748                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    34.874192                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.055888                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.817106                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1401725                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1401725                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1401725                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total        1401725                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1401725                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total       1401725                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     13107945                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     13107945                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     13107945                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     13107945                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     13107945                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     13107945                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1401780                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1401780                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1401780                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total      1401780                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1401780                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total      1401780                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 238326.272727                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 238326.272727                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 238326.272727                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 238326.272727                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 238326.272727                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 238326.272727                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     10344192                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10344192                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     10344192                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     10344192                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     10344192                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     10344192                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 235095.272727                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 235095.272727                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 235095.272727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 235095.272727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 235095.272727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 235095.272727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                 4551                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              163968424                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                 4807                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             34110.344082                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   221.536229                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    34.463771                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.865376                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.134624                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       963984                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        963984                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       809656                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       809656                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1968                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1968                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1947                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1947                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data      1773640                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total        1773640                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data      1773640                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total       1773640                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        14568                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        14568                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          108                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          108                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        14676                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total        14676                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        14676                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total        14676                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1793135892                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1793135892                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     10456666                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     10456666                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1803592558                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1803592558                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1803592558                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1803592558                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       978552                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       978552                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       809764                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       809764                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         1968                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1968                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         1947                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1947                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      1788316                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1788316                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      1788316                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1788316                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.014887                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014887                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000133                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000133                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008207                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008207                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008207                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008207                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 123087.307249                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123087.307249                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 96820.981481                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 96820.981481                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 122894.014582                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 122894.014582                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 122894.014582                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 122894.014582                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          939                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total             939                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        10035                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        10035                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data           90                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           90                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        10125                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        10125                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        10125                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        10125                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         4533                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4533                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         4551                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4551                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         4551                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4551                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    472460247                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    472460247                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      1477811                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1477811                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    473938058                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    473938058                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    473938058                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    473938058                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.004632                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004632                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002545                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002545                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002545                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002545                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 104226.835870                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104226.835870                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 82100.611111                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82100.611111                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 104139.322786                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104139.322786                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 104139.322786                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104139.322786                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              552.027581                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs             1001432520                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  558                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1794681.935484                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    25.974906                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst   526.052675                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.041626                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.843033                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.884660                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1400251                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1400251                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1400251                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total        1400251                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1400251                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total       1400251                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6210785                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6210785                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6210785                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6210785                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6210785                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6210785                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1400289                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1400289                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1400289                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total      1400289                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1400289                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total      1400289                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000027                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000027                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000027                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 163441.710526                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 163441.710526                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 163441.710526                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 163441.710526                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 163441.710526                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 163441.710526                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5363271                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5363271                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5363271                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5363271                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5363271                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5363271                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 173008.741935                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173008.741935                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 173008.741935                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173008.741935                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 173008.741935                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173008.741935                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                 6030                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              221205335                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                 6286                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             35190.158288                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   184.239620                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    71.760380                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.719686                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.280314                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      2072948                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       2072948                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       386543                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       386543                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          923                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          923                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          909                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          909                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data      2459491                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total        2459491                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data      2459491                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total       2459491                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        20717                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        20717                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data           45                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           45                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        20762                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total        20762                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        20762                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total        20762                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2347094314                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2347094314                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      3931794                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      3931794                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2351026108                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2351026108                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2351026108                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2351026108                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      2093665                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2093665                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       386588                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       386588                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          923                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          923                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          909                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          909                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      2480253                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2480253                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      2480253                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2480253                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.009895                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009895                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000116                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008371                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008371                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008371                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008371                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 113293.156055                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 113293.156055                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 87373.200000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87373.200000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 113236.976592                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 113236.976592                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 113236.976592                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 113236.976592                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          767                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total             767                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        14696                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        14696                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data           36                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           36                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        14732                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14732                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        14732                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14732                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         6021                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6021                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         6030                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6030                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         6030                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6030                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    620408270                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    620408270                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       627112                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       627112                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    621035382                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    621035382                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    621035382                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    621035382                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002876                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002876                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002431                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002431                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002431                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002431                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 103040.735758                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103040.735758                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 69679.111111                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69679.111111                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 102990.942289                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102990.942289                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 102990.942289                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102990.942289                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              510.576328                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs             1074537017                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  521                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             2062451.088292                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    35.576328                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.057013                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.818231                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1401480                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1401480                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1401480                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total        1401480                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1401480                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total       1401480                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     11474764                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     11474764                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     11474764                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     11474764                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     11474764                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     11474764                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1401538                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1401538                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1401538                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total      1401538                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1401538                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total      1401538                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 197840.758621                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 197840.758621                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 197840.758621                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 197840.758621                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 197840.758621                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 197840.758621                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           46                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           46                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      9599370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9599370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      9599370                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      9599370                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      9599370                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      9599370                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 208681.956522                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 208681.956522                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 208681.956522                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 208681.956522                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 208681.956522                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 208681.956522                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                 4550                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              163968009                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                 4806                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             34117.355181                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   221.537384                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    34.462616                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.865380                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.134620                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       963506                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        963506                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       809670                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       809670                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         2014                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2014                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1950                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1950                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data      1773176                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total        1773176                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data      1773176                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total       1773176                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        14589                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        14589                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          108                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          108                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        14697                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total        14697                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        14697                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total        14697                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1800063016                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1800063016                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     10354958                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     10354958                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1810417974                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1810417974                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1810417974                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1810417974                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       978095                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       978095                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       809778                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       809778                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         2014                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2014                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         1950                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1950                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      1787873                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1787873                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      1787873                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1787873                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.014916                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014916                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000133                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000133                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008220                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008220                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008220                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008220                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 123384.948660                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123384.948660                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 95879.240741                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95879.240741                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 123182.824658                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 123182.824658                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 123182.824658                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 123182.824658                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          938                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total             938                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        10057                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        10057                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data           90                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           90                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        10147                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        10147                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        10147                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        10147                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         4532                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4532                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         4550                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4550                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         4550                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4550                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    472031557                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    472031557                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      1521136                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1521136                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    473552693                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    473552693                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    473552693                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    473552693                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.004633                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004633                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002545                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002545                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002545                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002545                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 104155.242056                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104155.242056                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 84507.555556                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84507.555556                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 104077.514945                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104077.514945                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 104077.514945                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104077.514945                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
