
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.119769                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                119769453972                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               685067885799                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 314366                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   399557                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                2006663                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67616484                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 59685.87                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 18763225238                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   23847928806                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data      2688512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data      2749312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data      2671104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data      2721280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         5376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data      1958272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data      4539264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data      2796672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         5376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data      1976320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data      4524032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         5504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data      1518208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data      1534080                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data      1958144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data      4034688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         5376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data      1969664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data      2758272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data      2672384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             43149440                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         5376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         5376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         5504                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         5376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           79232                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     12904320                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total          12904320                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data        21004                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data        21479                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data        20868                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data        21260                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           42                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data        15299                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data        35463                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data        21849                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           42                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data        15440                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data        35344                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           43                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data        11861                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data        11985                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data        15298                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data        31521                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           42                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data        15388                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data        21549                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data        20878                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                337105                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks          100815                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total               100815                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst        36336                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     22447393                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst        39543                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     22955035                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst        37405                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     22302047                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst        37405                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     22720985                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst        44886                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     16350346                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst        41680                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     37900014                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst        39543                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     23350461                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst        44886                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     16501035                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst        41680                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     37772836                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst        45955                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     12676087                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst        42749                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     12808608                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst        43818                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     16349277                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst        40611                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     33687120                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst        44886                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     16445462                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst        42749                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     23029845                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst        37405                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     22312734                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               360270825                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst        36336                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst        39543                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst        37405                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst        37405                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst        44886                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst        41680                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst        39543                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst        44886                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst        41680                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst        45955                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst        42749                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst        43818                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst        40611                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst        44886                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst        42749                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst        37405                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             661538                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         107742998                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              107742998                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         107742998                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst        36336                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     22447393                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst        39543                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     22955035                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst        37405                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     22302047                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst        37405                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     22720985                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst        44886                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     16350346                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst        41680                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     37900014                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst        39543                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     23350461                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst        44886                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     16501035                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst        41680                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     37772836                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst        45955                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     12676087                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst        42749                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     12808608                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst        43818                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     16349277                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst        40611                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     33687120                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst        44886                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     16445462                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst        42749                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     23029845                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst        37405                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     22312734                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              468013823                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                 29                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles              287216917                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups       21808561                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19466641                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1739806                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     14445781                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits       14209416                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1309953                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        52072                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles    230379637                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts            123921488                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches          21808561                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches     15519369                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles            27617213                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles       5721386                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles      3461893                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           29                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines        13941600                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1707935                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples    265430568                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.523136                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.765790                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0      237813355     89.60%     89.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1        4202003      1.58%     91.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2        2135164      0.80%     91.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3        4158163      1.57%     93.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4        1334523      0.50%     94.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5        3840718      1.45%     95.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6         608309      0.23%     95.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7         988794      0.37%     96.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8       10349539      3.90%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total    265430568                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.075931                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.431456                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles      228024633                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles      5869419                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles        27562879                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles        22194                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles      3951439                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved      2064140                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred        20356                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts    138639804                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts        38211                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles      3951439                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles      228291313                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles       3460878                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles      1577752                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles        27308042                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles       841140                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts    138440757                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents          201                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents       106765                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents       653553                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands    181455098                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups    627513449                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups    627513449                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps    147034296                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps       34420776                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts        18583                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts         9393                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts         1912829                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads     24952501                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores      4065933                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads        26402                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores       926302                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded        137729862                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        18647                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued       128933174                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        82796                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     24959457                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     51118093                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          115                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    265430568                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.485751                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.098653                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    208918959     78.71%     78.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     17796399      6.70%     85.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     18891874      7.12%     92.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     10972353      4.13%     96.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5677627      2.14%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1420414      0.54%     99.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1680406      0.63%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        39334      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        33202      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    265430568                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        215778     57.26%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead        88079     23.38%     80.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        72951     19.36%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    101114775     78.42%     78.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1013075      0.79%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         9190      0.01%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     22764208     17.66%     96.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      4031926      3.13%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total    128933174                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.448905                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt            376808                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002923                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    523756520                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    162708309                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    125652501                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses    129309982                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       101518                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      5114437                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          117                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          353                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        99990                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles      3951439                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles       2454024                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles       103535                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    137748609                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        18397                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     24952501                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      4065933                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         9391                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents        46175                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2471                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          353                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1172290                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       671977                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts      1844267                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts    127302849                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     22443104                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1630325                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                 100                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs           26474816                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches       19340075                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores          4031712                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.443229                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent            125680948                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count           125652501                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers        76018715                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers       165687933                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.437483                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.458807                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100000000                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps    112615979                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts     25138147                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        18532                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts      1728959                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    261479129                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.430688                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.300854                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    219523101     83.95%     83.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     16498340      6.31%     90.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10568729      4.04%     94.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      3352615      1.28%     95.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5531805      2.12%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1080401      0.41%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       686142      0.26%     98.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       627709      0.24%     98.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3610287      1.38%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    261479129                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts    100000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps    112615979                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs             23804003                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads            19838060                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars              9247                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches         17267929                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts        98436174                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls      1412128                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events      3610287                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads          395622591                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes         279462865                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled               5130601                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles              21786349                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts         100000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps           112615979                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total    100000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.872169                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.872169                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.348169                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.348169                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads      591688794                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes     163736387                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads     147198433                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes        18512                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                 58                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles              287216917                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups       23353739                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19150099                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2289608                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9703759                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits        9126812                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2397696                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       102750                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles    222990135                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts            132715035                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches          23353739                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches     11524508                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles            29202120                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles       6494210                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles      7354715                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines        13737027                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2272127                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples    263716249                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615437                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.966394                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0      234514129     88.93%     88.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1        3166418      1.20%     90.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2        3664466      1.39%     91.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3        2013712      0.76%     92.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4        2317403      0.88%     93.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5        1277968      0.48%     93.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6         866026      0.33%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7        2260383      0.86%     94.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8       13635744      5.17%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total    263716249                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.081310                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.462072                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles      221183631                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles      9195593                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles        28958960                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles       230059                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles      4148002                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved      3792073                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred        21277                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts    162038852                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts       105520                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles      4148002                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles      221535510                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles       3226067                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles      4984516                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles        28851313                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles       970837                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts    161938926                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents          227                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents       247226                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents       454231                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands    225057505                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups    754019014                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups    754019014                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps    192282287                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps       32775213                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts        42403                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts        23650                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts         2602173                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads     15470367                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores      8422173                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads       221767                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores      1869556                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded        161702512                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        42495                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued       152860343                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       213816                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     20146905                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     46518606                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4730                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    263716249                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579639                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269246                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    199313743     75.58%     75.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     25899880      9.82%     85.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13921751      5.28%     90.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9631090      3.65%     94.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8422720      3.19%     97.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      4309295      1.63%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1042363      0.40%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       671098      0.25%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       504309      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    263716249                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         39849     12.05%     12.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead       142505     43.11%     55.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       148221     44.84%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    127954918     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2388939      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        18725      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     14136046      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      8361715      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total    152860343                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.532212                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt            330575                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002163                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    569981326                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    181893354                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    150318218                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses    153190918                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       384545                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2730860                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          946                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1444                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       180571                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         9363                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles      4148002                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles       2669753                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles       164649                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    161745143                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        62576                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     15470367                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      8422173                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        23631                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents       116603                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            3                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1444                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1328056                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1283544                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts      2611600                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts    150601694                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     13272273                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2258649                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                 136                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs           21631948                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches       21076216                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores          8359675                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.524348                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent            150320455                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count           150318218                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers        89342593                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers       234038786                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.523361                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.381743                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts    112912793                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps    138529990                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts     23216727                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        37765                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts      2302733                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    259568247                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533694                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.352839                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    202984804     78.20%     78.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     26239042     10.11%     88.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10995353      4.24%     92.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      6605744      2.54%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4575284      1.76%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2954579      1.14%     97.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1532041      0.59%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1234467      0.48%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2446933      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    259568247                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts    112912793                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps    138529990                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs             20981109                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads            12739507                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars             18842                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches         19827238                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts       124889037                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls      2818390                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events      2446933                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads          418867277                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes         327641522                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled               3416878                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles              23500668                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts         112912793                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps           138529990                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total    112912793                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.543706                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.543706                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.393127                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.393127                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads      679354176                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes     208630446                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads     151205252                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes        37730                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                 29                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles              287216917                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups       21815018                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19472218                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1739544                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     14450642                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits       14211505                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1310826                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        52121                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles    230387945                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts            123951423                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches          21815018                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches     15522331                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles            27624995                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles       5721605                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles      3447149                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           29                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines        13942527                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1707686                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples    265432389                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.523271                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.765998                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0      237807394     89.59%     89.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1        4203363      1.58%     91.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2        2136501      0.80%     91.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3        4158998      1.57%     93.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4        1334525      0.50%     94.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5        3841953      1.45%     95.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6         608131      0.23%     95.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7         989045      0.37%     96.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8       10352479      3.90%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total    265432389                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.075953                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.431560                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles      228030438                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles      5857328                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles        27570520                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles        22205                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles      3951894                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved      2064878                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred        20376                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts    138676046                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts        38260                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles      3951894                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles      228297526                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles       3450872                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles      1575295                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles        27315477                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles       841321                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts    138476457                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents          222                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents       106672                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents       653683                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands    181503383                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups    627682664                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups    627682664                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps    147068066                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps       34435291                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts        18598                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts         9407                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts         1914869                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads     24958449                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores      4067424                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads        26213                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores       927532                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded        137766630                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        18662                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued       128963096                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        82744                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     24970845                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     51154107                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          123                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    265432389                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.485860                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.098812                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    208914297     78.71%     78.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     17792270      6.70%     85.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     18895368      7.12%     92.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     10977396      4.14%     96.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5676902      2.14%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1422695      0.54%     99.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1680689      0.63%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        39491      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        33281      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    265432389                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        215663     57.25%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead        88151     23.40%     80.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        72917     19.36%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    101139721     78.43%     78.43% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1013184      0.79%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         9192      0.01%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     22767898     17.65%     96.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      4033101      3.13%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total    128963096                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.449009                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt            376731                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002921                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    523818056                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    162756476                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    125680835                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses    129339827                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       102945                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      5115620                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          142                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          346                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       100623                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles      3951894                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles       2442111                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles       103501                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    137785389                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        18364                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     24958449                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      4067424                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         9401                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents        46148                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2499                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          346                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1171752                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       672201                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts      1843953                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts    127329760                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     22444678                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1633336                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                  97                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs           26477558                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches       19344490                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores          4032880                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.443323                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent            125709284                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count           125680835                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers        76040592                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers       165752741                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.437582                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.458759                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100023241                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps    112641952                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts     25148964                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        18539                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts      1728690                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    261480495                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.430785                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.301026                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    219516722     83.95%     83.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     16500320      6.31%     90.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10571192      4.04%     94.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      3353468      1.28%     95.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5532808      2.12%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1080242      0.41%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       686153      0.26%     98.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       627236      0.24%     98.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3612354      1.38%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    261480495                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts    100023241                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps    112641952                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs             23809623                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads            19842822                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars              9249                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches         17271917                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts        98458818                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls      1412429                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events      3612354                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads          395658680                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes         279536899                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled               5131045                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles              21784528                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts         100023241                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps           112641952                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total    100023241                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.871502                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.871502                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.348250                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.348250                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads      591813302                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes     163774134                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads     147232075                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes        18522                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                 29                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles              287216917                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups       21800355                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19458897                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1740747                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     14451560                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits       14203426                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1309623                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        52207                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles    230333912                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts            123878944                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches          21800355                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches     15513049                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles            27607451                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles       5724527                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles      3460742                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           29                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines        13939395                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1708790                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples    265376136                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.523069                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.765729                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0      237768685     89.60%     89.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1        4202415      1.58%     91.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2        2132966      0.80%     91.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3        4155693      1.57%     93.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4        1334771      0.50%     94.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5        3837771      1.45%     95.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6         607132      0.23%     95.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7         989657      0.37%     96.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8       10347046      3.90%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total    265376136                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.075902                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.431308                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles      227975895                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles      5871369                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles        27552930                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles        22281                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles      3953657                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved      2063626                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred        20344                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts    138593414                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts        38272                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles      3953657                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles      228242755                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles       3454565                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles      1585352                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles        27297938                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles       841865                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts    138392849                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents          218                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents       106902                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents       654189                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands    181387458                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups    627295621                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups    627295621                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps    146954181                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps       34433270                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts        18568                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts         9383                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts         1913612                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads     24947318                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores      4063349                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads        26615                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores       924877                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded        137682823                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        18634                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued       128880301                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        82454                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     24974099                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     51149482                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          107                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    265376136                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.485651                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.098590                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    208889361     78.71%     78.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     17790363      6.70%     85.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     18880242      7.11%     92.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     10963941      4.13%     96.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5680687      2.14%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1420291      0.54%     99.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1678592      0.63%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        39396      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        33263      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    265376136                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        215473     57.26%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead        87938     23.37%     80.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        72883     19.37%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    101075688     78.43%     78.43% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1012221      0.79%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         9185      0.01%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     22754016     17.66%     96.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      4029191      3.13%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total    128880301                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.448721                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt            376294                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002920                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    523595486                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    162675904                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    125596326                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses    129256595                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       100294                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      5120010                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          126                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          356                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        99610                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles      3953657                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles       2445446                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles       103247                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    137701551                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        18436                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     24947318                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      4063349                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         9379                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents        46048                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2551                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          356                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1172295                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       672600                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts      1844895                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts    127247615                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     22433233                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1632686                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                  94                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs           26462246                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches       19331170                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores          4029013                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.443037                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent            125624893                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count           125596326                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers        75985451                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers       165616633                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.437287                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.458803                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts     99945632                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps    112554582                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts     25152561                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        18527                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts      1729902                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    261422479                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.430547                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.300625                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    219488719     83.96%     83.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     16489722      6.31%     90.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10562147      4.04%     94.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      3351403      1.28%     95.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5528294      2.11%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1081377      0.41%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       686068      0.26%     98.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       628104      0.24%     98.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3606645      1.38%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    261422479                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts     99945632                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps    112554582                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs             23791044                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads            19827305                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars              9243                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches         17258500                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts        98382448                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls      1411326                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events      3606645                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads          395522600                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes         279371106                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled               5130671                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles              21840781                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts          99945632                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps           112554582                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total     99945632                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.873732                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.873732                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.347980                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.347980                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads      591425636                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes     163663410                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads     147143079                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes        18510                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                 60                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles              287216917                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups       23699841                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19393066                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2311644                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9787040                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits        9329921                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2445883                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       105320                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles    228047490                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts            132541229                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches          23699841                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches     11775804                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles            27665923                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles       6315632                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles      5418345                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           24                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines        13952022                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2314172                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples    265105702                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.613930                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.956449                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0      237439779     89.56%     89.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1        1291294      0.49%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2        2050067      0.77%     90.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3        2770358      1.05%     91.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4        2855960      1.08%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5        2414180      0.91%     93.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6        1355004      0.51%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7        2003397      0.76%     95.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8       12925663      4.88%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total    265105702                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.082515                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.461467                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles      225724134                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles      7761343                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles        27616048                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles        30637                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles      3973539                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved      3900404                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          383                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts    162633629                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         2004                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles      3973539                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles      226346673                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles       1590792                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles      4748110                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles        27031834                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles      1414751                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts    162575929                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents          194                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents       193908                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents       616287                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands    226827319                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups    756361475                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups    756361475                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps    196609012                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps       30218307                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts        40137                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20811                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts         4208456                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads     15215034                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores      8245048                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads        97211                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores      1924364                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded        162374560                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        40278                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued       154158241                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        21034                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     18017999                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     43192289                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1303                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    265105702                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581497                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.272577                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    199906531     75.41%     75.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     26783926     10.10%     85.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13566798      5.12%     90.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     10266143      3.87%     94.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8069770      3.04%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3263420      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2039392      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1068018      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       141704      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    265105702                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         28956     11.26%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead        95530     37.14%     48.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       132756     51.61%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    129652112     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2305258      1.50%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        19323      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     13962077      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      8219471      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total    154158241                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.536731                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt            257242                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001669                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    573700460                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    180433457                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    151858318                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses    154415483                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       315266                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2443125                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          164                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          622                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       120279                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles      3973539                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles       1270161                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles       137121                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    162414998                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        65949                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     15215034                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      8245048                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20813                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents       115573                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            9                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          622                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1342223                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1302826                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts      2645049                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts    152043802                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     13139314                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2114439                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                 160                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs           21358487                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches       21603767                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores          8219173                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.529369                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent            151858578                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count           151858318                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers        87179127                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers       234939002                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.528723                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.371071                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts    114611014                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps    141026710                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts     21388333                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        38975                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts      2340915                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    261132163                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.540059                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.389389                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    203312659     77.86%     77.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     28648395     10.97%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10828418      4.15%     92.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5161728      1.98%     94.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4340524      1.66%     96.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2492114      0.95%     97.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2192952      0.84%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       987067      0.38%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3168306      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    261132163                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts    114611014                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps    141026710                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs             20896678                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads            12771909                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars             19444                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches         20336526                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts       127062950                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls      2903979                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events      3168306                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads          420378120                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes         328803688                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled               3453952                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles              22111215                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts         114611014                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps           141026710                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total    114611014                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.506015                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.506015                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.399040                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.399040                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads      684302481                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes     211530861                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads     150762494                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes        38942                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                 30                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles              287216917                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups       22317235                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted     20137025                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1171881                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8750571                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7995031                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1235253                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        52055                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles    236802901                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts            140410761                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches          22317235                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches      9230284                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles            27774227                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles       3666786                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles      5765621                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines        13592740                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1178197                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples    272808275                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.603814                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.931168                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0      245034048     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1         993189      0.36%     90.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2        2028860      0.74%     90.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3         853955      0.31%     91.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4        4619322      1.69%     92.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5        4109885      1.51%     94.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6         801960      0.29%     94.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7        1662334      0.61%     95.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8       12704722      4.66%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total    272808275                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.077702                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.488867                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles      235483296                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles      7099410                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles        27673059                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles        87436                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles      2465069                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved      1959526                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          457                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts    164649954                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         2491                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles      2465069                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles      235720905                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles       5144848                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles      1207745                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles        27538752                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles       730951                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts    164564812                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents          113                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents       311282                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents       264765                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.FullRegisterEvents         5654                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands    193198060                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups    775153855                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups    775153855                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps    171542966                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps       21655084                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts        19111                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts         9644                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts         1843859                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads     38848475                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores     19656876                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads       179804                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores       950885                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded        164249451                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        19170                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued       158020390                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        80635                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     12525580                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     29881388                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           92                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    272808275                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579236                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.376579                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    216666590     79.42%     79.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     16805306      6.16%     85.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13803566      5.06%     90.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5962013      2.19%     92.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7558065      2.77%     95.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      7324048      2.68%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      4155881      1.52%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       328321      0.12%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       204485      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    272808275                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        399493     11.07%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead      3118206     86.43%     97.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        90240      2.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     99118733     62.73%     62.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1379150      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         9464      0.01%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     37899188     23.98%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     19613855     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total    158020390                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.550178                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt           3607939                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022832                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    592537629                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    176798217                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    156676331                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses    161628329                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       285492                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1480222                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          663                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         4024                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       117947                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        13992                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles      2465069                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles       4729465                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles       207124                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    164268728                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1512                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     38848475                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     19656876                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         9646                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents       141325                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          111                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         4024                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       687054                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       687474                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts      1374528                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts    156915972                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     37771539                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1104418                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                 107                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs           57383623                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches       20558773                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores         19612084                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.546333                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent            156681161                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count           156676331                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers        84611906                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers       166658649                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.545498                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.507696                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts    127329276                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps    149634244                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts     14650499                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        19078                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts      1197878                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    270343206                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553497                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377174                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    216101685     79.94%     79.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     19778891      7.32%     87.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9284036      3.43%     90.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      9181603      3.40%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2498839      0.92%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     10686624      3.95%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       798260      0.30%     99.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       581708      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1431560      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    270343206                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts    127329276                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps    149634244                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs             56907181                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads            37368252                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars              9524                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches         19759546                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts       133061406                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls      1449424                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events      1431560                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads          433195999                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes         331034840                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled               5193875                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles              14408642                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts         127329276                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps           149634244                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total    127329276                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.255702                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.255702                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.443321                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.443321                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads      775804685                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes     181933275                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads     196113528                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes        19048                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                 58                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles              287216917                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups       23375360                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19170557                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2290341                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9585940                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits        9125111                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2394382                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       101890                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles    222904784                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts            132858075                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches          23375360                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches     11519493                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles            29223854                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles       6518077                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles      7278295                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines        13734558                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2272464                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples    263599531                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616288                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.967855                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0      234375677     88.91%     88.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1        3166345      1.20%     90.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2        3677651      1.40%     91.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3        2012061      0.76%     92.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4        2309384      0.88%     93.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5        1272023      0.48%     93.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6         864968      0.33%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7        2263396      0.86%     94.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8       13658026      5.18%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total    263599531                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.081386                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.462571                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles      221093645                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles      9124088                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles        28975705                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles       234710                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles      4171379                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved      3793897                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred        21219                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts    162193678                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts       104196                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles      4171379                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles      221451073                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles       3372067                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles      4748760                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles        28867618                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles       988630                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts    162092937                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents          229                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents       256161                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents       459281                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands    225267892                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups    754708394                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups    754708394                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps    192191526                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps       33076354                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts        41951                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts        23219                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts         2631257                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads     15469077                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores      8425216                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads       221814                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores      1868301                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded        161849330                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        42023                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued       152885220                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       213726                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     20347978                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     47105023                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4277                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    263599531                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579990                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269576                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    199192070     75.57%     75.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     25900415      9.83%     85.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13913622      5.28%     90.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9640430      3.66%     94.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8426647      3.20%     97.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      4307084      1.63%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1045096      0.40%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       669649      0.25%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       504518      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    263599531                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         40591     12.22%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead       143183     43.10%     55.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       148451     44.68%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    127980134     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2390844      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        18716      0.01%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     14131368      9.24%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      8364158      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total    152885220                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.532299                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt            332225                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002173                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    569915921                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    182240789                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    150337853                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses    153217445                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       385993                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2735594                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          952                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1461                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       187522                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         9358                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles      4171379                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles       2805833                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles       170179                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    161891480                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        60911                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     15469077                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      8425216                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        23169                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents       119028                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1461                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1323844                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1289202                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts      2613046                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts    150623210                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     13268338                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2262009                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                 127                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs           21630291                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches       21074763                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores          8361953                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.524423                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent            150340409                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count           150337853                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers        89352844                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers       234096032                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.523430                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.381693                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts    112859393                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps    138464581                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts     23428256                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        37746                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts      2303313                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    259428152                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533730                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.352886                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    202869602     78.20%     78.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     26230226     10.11%     88.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10991297      4.24%     92.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      6598924      2.54%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4573679      1.76%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2950503      1.14%     97.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1535111      0.59%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1233388      0.48%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2445422      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    259428152                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts    112859393                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps    138464581                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs             20971177                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads            12733483                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars             18832                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches         19817903                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts       124830053                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls      2817068                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events      2445422                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads          418874813                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes         327957143                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled               3416228                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles              23617386                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts         112859393                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps           138464581                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total    112859393                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.544909                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.544909                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.392941                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.392941                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads      679413835                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes     208656159                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads     151346392                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes        37712                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                 60                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles              287216917                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups       23697579                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19390255                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2310134                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9828239                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits        9332693                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2446919                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       105347                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles    228032725                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts            132502077                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches          23697579                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches     11779612                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles            27661690                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles       6306072                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles      5412451                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           24                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines        13949406                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2312362                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples    265072746                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.613837                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.956222                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0      237411056     89.56%     89.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1        1292716      0.49%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2        2048650      0.77%     90.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3        2771238      1.05%     91.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4        2854276      1.08%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5        2416285      0.91%     93.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6        1358111      0.51%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7        2002854      0.76%     95.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8       12917560      4.87%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total    265072746                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.082508                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.461331                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles      225712312                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles      7752715                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles        27611730                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles        30510                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles      3965478                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved      3900727                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          378                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts    162587601                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         1979                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles      3965478                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles      226333835                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles       1598150                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles      4734565                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles        27028373                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles      1412342                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts    162528796                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents          184                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents       193513                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents       615413                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands    226765417                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups    756134462                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups    756134462                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps    196633564                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps       30131853                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts        40253                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20924                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts         4197648                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads     15210764                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores      8244776                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads        97092                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores      1972081                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded        162327403                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        40395                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued       154150682                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        21039                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17953485                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     42986951                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1416                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    265072746                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581541                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.272351                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    199833820     75.39%     75.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     26832687     10.12%     85.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13584788      5.12%     90.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     10249896      3.87%     94.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8058690      3.04%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3265060      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2037734      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1068301      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       141770      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    265072746                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         28874     11.24%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead        94885     36.95%     48.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       133039     51.81%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    129645188     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2304101      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        19326      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     13963290      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      8218777      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total    154150682                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.536705                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt            256798                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001666                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    573651947                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    180321909                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    151854258                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses    154407480                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       316393                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2437241                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          143                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          628                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       118979                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles      3965478                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles       1277766                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles       137072                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    162367961                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        65064                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     15210764                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      8244776                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20926                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents       115678                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           16                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          628                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1342905                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1300150                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts      2643055                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts    152039673                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     13142267                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2111009                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                 163                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs           21360729                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches       21605308                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores          8218462                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.529355                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent            151854517                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count           151854258                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers        87177571                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers       234913060                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.528709                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.371106                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts    114625342                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps    141044375                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts     21323633                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        38979                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts      2339410                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    261107268                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.540178                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.388962                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    203247698     77.84%     77.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     28681469     10.98%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10826083      4.15%     92.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5166933      1.98%     94.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4360279      1.67%     96.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2494340      0.96%     97.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2179469      0.83%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       987665      0.38%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3163332      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    261107268                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts    114625342                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps    141044375                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs             20899320                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads            12773523                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars             19446                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches         20339099                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts       127078862                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls      2904349                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events      3163332                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads          420311164                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes         328701556                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled               3452917                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles              22144171                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts         114625342                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps           141044375                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total    114625342                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.505702                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.505702                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.399090                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.399090                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads      684293760                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes     211525357                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads     150725308                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes        38946                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                 30                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles              287216917                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups       22335547                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted     20153516                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1168217                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8440226                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7990569                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1236550                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        51945                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles    236836271                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts            140530044                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches          22335547                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches      9227119                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles            27791888                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles       3665222                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles      5772567                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines        13592008                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1174464                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples    272868535                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.604178                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.931859                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0      245076647     89.81%     89.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1         992698      0.36%     90.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2        2031849      0.74%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3         852182      0.31%     91.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4        4621237      1.69%     92.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5        4110057      1.51%     94.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6         797167      0.29%     94.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7        1663712      0.61%     95.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8       12722986      4.66%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total    272868535                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.077765                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.489282                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles      235514751                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles      7108276                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles        27691023                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles        87132                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles      2467348                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved      1961539                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          461                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts    164785366                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         2444                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles      2467348                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles      235753153                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles       5155210                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles      1206710                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles        27555864                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles       730245                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts    164701576                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents          122                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents       310545                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents       265878                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.FullRegisterEvents         3777                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands    193349225                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups    775788860                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups    775788860                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps    171671129                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps       21678069                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts        19119                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts         9646                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts         1847802                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads     38875617                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores     19671053                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads       179464                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores       950623                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded        164387346                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        19180                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued       158122074                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        81556                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     12563053                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     30079595                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           86                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    272868535                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579481                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.377048                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    216718122     79.42%     79.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     16788602      6.15%     85.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13804778      5.06%     90.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5962942      2.19%     92.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7567544      2.77%     95.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      7332558      2.69%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      4160821      1.52%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       328146      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       205022      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    272868535                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        400797     11.10%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead      3121245     86.41%     97.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        90219      2.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     99175675     62.72%     62.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1381111      0.87%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         9471      0.01%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     37927349     23.99%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     19628468     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total    158122074                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.550532                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt           3612261                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022845                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    592806499                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    176973610                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    156776829                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses    161734335                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       284607                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1476928                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          651                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         4039                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       116305                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        14007                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles      2467348                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles       4741883                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles       208194                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    164406623                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1424                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     38875617                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     19671053                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         9648                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents       142469                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           82                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         4039                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       681391                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       689530                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts      1370921                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts    157017861                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     37798995                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1104212                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                  97                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs           57425857                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches       20572614                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores         19626862                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.546687                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent            156781574                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count           156776829                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers        84661564                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers       166748971                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.545848                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.507719                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts    127426967                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps    149748523                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts     14674176                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        19094                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts      1194020                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    270401187                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553801                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377585                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    216124353     79.93%     79.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     19789240      7.32%     87.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9286859      3.43%     90.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      9192867      3.40%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2498046      0.92%     95.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     10695705      3.96%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       797421      0.29%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       581839      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1434857      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    270401187                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts    127426967                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps    149748523                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs             56953437                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads            37398689                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars              9532                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches         19774432                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts       133162929                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls      1450391                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events      1434857                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads          433388639                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes         331313021                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled               5192337                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles              14348382                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts         127426967                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps           149748523                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total    127426967                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.253973                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.253973                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.443661                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.443661                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads      776295309                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes     182041453                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads     196272571                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes        19064                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                 63                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles              287216917                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups       26002199                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted     21654996                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2369819                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     10146554                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits        9530443                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2798015                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       110548                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles    226462144                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts            142718939                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches          26002199                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches     12328458                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles            29748263                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles       6579019                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles      7770988                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines        14063246                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2264944                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples    268169154                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.653875                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.028665                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0      238420891     88.91%     88.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1        1824669      0.68%     89.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2        2306702      0.86%     90.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3        3667450      1.37%     91.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4        1529293      0.57%     92.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5        1969847      0.73%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6        2305304      0.86%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7        1049526      0.39%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8       15095472      5.63%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total    268169154                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.090532                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.496903                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles      225132563                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles      9228861                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles        29605368                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles        15319                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles      4187038                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved      3951723                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          723                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts    174404368                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         3300                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles      4187038                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles      225362043                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles        733019                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles      7857250                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles        29391453                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles       638341                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts    173328101                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents          154                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents        92334                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents       445335                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands    242092270                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups    806057226                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups    806057226                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps    202719518                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps       39372740                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts        42506                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts        22422                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts         2245836                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads     16216343                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores      8486933                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads       100097                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores      1980425                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded        169236338                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        42650                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued       162435495                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       162161                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     20416474                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     41420659                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         2142                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    268169154                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.605720                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326351                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    199315897     74.32%     74.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     31390908     11.71%     86.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12886967      4.81%     90.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7190090      2.68%     93.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      9722669      3.63%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3000272      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2951577      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1587307      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       123467      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    268169154                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu       1121509     79.27%     79.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            1      0.00%     79.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead       149159     10.54%     89.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       144114     10.19%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    136834290     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2225086      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        20083      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     14897049      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      8458987      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total    162435495                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.565550                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1414783                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008710                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    594617088                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    189696350                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    158213869                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses    163850278                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       121608                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      3024764                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           52                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          897                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       110198                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           21                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles      4187038                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles        557678                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles        70502                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    169278991                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       130626                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     16216343                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      8486933                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        22423                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents        61312                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           72                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          897                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1409518                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1322397                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts      2731915                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts    159608464                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     14655666                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2827031                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                   3                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs           23113984                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches       22563711                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores          8458318                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.555707                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent            158214286                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count           158213869                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers        94806017                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers       254587800                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.550851                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.372390                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts    117963843                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps    145355900                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts     23923762                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        40508                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts      2389894                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    263982116                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550628                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.371136                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    202472597     76.70%     76.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     31167210     11.81%     88.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     11315035      4.29%     92.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5644782      2.14%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5153270      1.95%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2170959      0.82%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2143476      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1022753      0.39%     98.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2892034      1.10%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    263982116                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts    117963843                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps    145355900                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs             21568314                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads            13191579                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars             20208                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches         21063060                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts       130868083                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls      2999194                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events      2892034                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads          430368925                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes         342746408                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled               3435681                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles              19047763                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts         117963843                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps           145355900                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total    117963843                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.434788                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.434788                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.410713                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.410713                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads      718261341                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes     221058774                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads     161360670                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes        40474                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                 63                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles              287216917                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups       26015386                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted     21662212                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2364936                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     10010999                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits        9529365                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2796743                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       109992                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles    226460070                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts            142778498                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches          26015386                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches     12326108                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles            29756679                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles       6569605                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles      7810643                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines        14061069                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2260381                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples    268210572                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.654050                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.028946                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0      238453893     88.91%     88.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1        1825359      0.68%     89.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2        2305475      0.86%     90.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3        3663563      1.37%     91.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4        1527413      0.57%     92.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5        1972179      0.74%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6        2311798      0.86%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7        1052460      0.39%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8       15098432      5.63%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total    268210572                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.090577                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.497110                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles      225127405                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles      9271700                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles        29613816                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles        15279                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles      4182367                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved      3957871                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          814                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts    174477173                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         3941                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles      4182367                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles      225357596                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles        731035                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles      7899255                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles        29399187                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles       641122                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts    173401714                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents          168                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents        92031                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents       447481                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands    242185427                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups    806362030                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups    806362030                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps    202812269                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps       39373156                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts        41999                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts        21906                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts         2250127                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads     16217062                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores      8498671                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads       100287                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores      1981618                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded        169295906                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        42151                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued       162503615                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       160042                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     20392410                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     41359457                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1623                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    268210572                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.605881                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326519                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    199330357     74.32%     74.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     31398312     11.71%     86.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12898747      4.81%     90.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7192551      2.68%     93.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      9725137      3.63%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3001687      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2949495      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1590085      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       124201      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    268210572                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu       1119296     79.22%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            1      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead       149390     10.57%     89.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       144255     10.21%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    136885028     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2225745      1.37%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        20092      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     14901792      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      8470958      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total    162503615                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.565787                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1412942                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008695                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    594790784                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    189731362                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    158284190                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses    163916557                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       121949                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      3019494                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           68                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          903                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       118147                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           51                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles      4182367                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles        555392                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles        69941                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    169338061                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       132140                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     16217062                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      8498671                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        21906                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents        60781                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           71                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          903                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1404352                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1323498                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts      2727850                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts    159677098                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     14660804                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2826515                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs           23130501                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches       22576499                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores          8469697                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.555946                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent            158284962                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count           158284190                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers        94841200                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers       254649291                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.551096                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.372439                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts    118017789                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps    145422271                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts     23916488                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        40528                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts      2384933                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    264028205                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550783                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.371348                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    202494268     76.69%     76.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     31177286     11.81%     88.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     11319341      4.29%     92.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5649624      2.14%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5154913      1.95%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2171028      0.82%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2144549      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1022223      0.39%     98.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2894973      1.10%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    264028205                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts    118017789                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps    145422271                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs             21578088                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads            13197568                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars             20218                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches         21072667                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts       130927831                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls      3000553                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events      2894973                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads          430471172                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes         342859928                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled               3430671                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles              19006345                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts         118017789                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps           145422271                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total    118017789                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.433675                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.433675                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.410901                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.410901                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads      718558726                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes     221141770                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads     161437325                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes        40494                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                 60                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles              287216917                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups       23701805                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19393564                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2309011                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9810697                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits        9333923                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2448222                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       105289                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles    228074781                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts            132548917                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches          23701805                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches     11782145                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles            27668506                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles       6305063                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles      5400171                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           24                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines        13950950                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2311369                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples    265109451                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.613936                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.956376                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0      237440945     89.56%     89.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1        1291085      0.49%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2        2050303      0.77%     90.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3        2771937      1.05%     91.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4        2854420      1.08%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5        2415889      0.91%     93.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6        1359507      0.51%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7        2004461      0.76%     95.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8       12920904      4.87%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total    265109451                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.082522                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.461494                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles      225752856                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles      7741793                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles        27618806                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles        30409                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles      3965586                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved      3901649                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          385                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts    162637554                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         2020                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles      3965586                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles      226375523                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles       1591137                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles      4728813                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles        27034232                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles      1414157                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts    162579066                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents          181                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents       193228                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents       616315                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands    226835374                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups    756378822                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups    756378822                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps    196696051                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps       30139318                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts        40231                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20898                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts         4205634                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads     15210322                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores      8248200                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads        96650                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores      1946871                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded        162377586                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        40375                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued       154188777                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        21119                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17960049                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     43050608                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1385                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    265109451                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581604                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.272528                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    199871060     75.39%     75.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     26823181     10.12%     85.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13577277      5.12%     90.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     10257755      3.87%     94.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8063988      3.04%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3266681      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2039509      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1068634      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       141366      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    265109451                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         29196     11.39%     11.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead        94299     36.80%     48.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       132787     51.81%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    129672960     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2305559      1.50%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        19332      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     13968463      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      8222463      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total    154188777                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.536837                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt            256282                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001662                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    573764406                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    180378633                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    151895560                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses    154445059                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       314404                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2432748                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          167                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          626                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       119831                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles      3965586                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles       1270783                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles       137128                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    162418119                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        65407                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     15210322                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      8248200                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20898                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents       115677                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           11                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          626                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1342943                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1298675                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts      2641618                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts    152081363                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     13146389                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2107414                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                 158                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs           21368536                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches       21610438                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores          8222147                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.529500                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent            151895831                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count           151895560                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers        87195515                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers       234960469                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.528853                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.371107                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts    114661732                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps    141089167                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts     21328977                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        38990                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts      2338292                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    261143865                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.540274                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.389289                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    203278978     77.84%     77.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     28678458     10.98%     88.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10831895      4.15%     92.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5167257      1.98%     94.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4351259      1.67%     96.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2496816      0.96%     97.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2184875      0.84%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       987834      0.38%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3166493      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    261143865                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts    114661732                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps    141089167                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs             20905940                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads            12777574                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars             19452                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches         20345559                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts       127119221                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls      2905274                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events      3166493                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads          420394736                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes         328801946                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled               3451717                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles              22107466                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts         114661732                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps           141089167                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total    114661732                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.504906                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.504906                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.399216                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.399216                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads      684488352                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes     211578756                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads     150778613                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes        38956                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                 58                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles              287216917                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups       23264818                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19021959                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2271032                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9798935                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits        9199879                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2398358                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       101462                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles    226018611                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts            131940383                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches          23264818                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches     11598237                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles            27659324                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles       6562292                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles      3982310                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines        13893028                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2289078                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples    261901621                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615676                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.966487                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0      234242297     89.44%     89.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1        1493911      0.57%     90.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2        2366611      0.90%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3        3767378      1.44%     92.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4        1573393      0.60%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5        1767617      0.67%     93.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6        1856961      0.71%     94.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7        1223675      0.47%     94.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8       13609778      5.20%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total    261901621                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.081001                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.459375                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles      223962919                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles      6054267                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles        27573202                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles        70364                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles      4240867                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved      3818581                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          488                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts    161149965                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         3178                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles      4240867                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles      224288161                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles       1951074                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles      3135170                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles        27324290                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles       962057                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts    161064938                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents        29429                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents       277938                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents       359881                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.FullRegisterEvents        45456                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands    223603758                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups    749235025                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups    749235025                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps    191256016                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps       32347742                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts        41060                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts        22569                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts         2897237                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads     15357713                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores      8255173                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads       249765                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores      1871997                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded        160861928                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        41171                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued       152406974                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       186811                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     20173433                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     44605844                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3877                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    261901621                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581925                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.273533                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    197631222     75.46%     75.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     25791414      9.85%     85.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     14122731      5.39%     90.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9604074      3.67%     94.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8991540      3.43%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2596724      0.99%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2010047      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       683138      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       470731      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    261901621                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         35503     12.48%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead       110282     38.77%     51.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       138655     48.75%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    127677512     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2406034      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        18488      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     14088755      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      8216185      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total    152406974                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.530634                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt            284440                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001866                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    567186820                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    181078191                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    149967846                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses    152691414                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       465364                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2735988                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          348                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1691                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       232004                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         9508                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles      4240867                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles       1307602                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles       136940                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    160903249                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         9699                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     15357713                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      8255173                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        22543                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents       100998                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           41                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1691                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1330547                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1291489                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts      2622036                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts    150247691                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     13255960                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2159283                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                 150                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs           21470172                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches       21146675                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores          8214212                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.523116                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent            149969029                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count           149967846                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers        87683248                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers       229032719                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.522141                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.382842                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts    112339484                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps    137697557                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts     23205943                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        37294                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts      2319317                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    257660754                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.534414                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.388051                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    201759332     78.30%     78.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     27070240     10.51%     88.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10543571      4.09%     92.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5677595      2.20%     95.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4254985      1.65%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2373449      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1462762      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1306927      0.51%     98.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3211893      1.25%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    257660754                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts    112339484                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps    137697557                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs             20644894                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads            12621725                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars             18606                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches         19765486                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts       124075740                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls      2796981                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events      3211893                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads          415351607                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes         326048091                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled               3645178                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles              25315296                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts         112339484                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps           137697557                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total    112339484                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.556687                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.556687                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.391131                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.391131                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads      677574320                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes     207885721                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads     150307320                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes        37260                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                 60                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles              287216917                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups       23700355                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19392589                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2311123                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9788628                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits        9329143                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2445661                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       105250                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles    228037023                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts            132529231                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches          23700355                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches     11774804                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles            27662620                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles       6313167                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles      5423888                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           24                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines        13950746                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2313620                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples    265095520                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.613895                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.956392                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0      237432900     89.57%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1        1291846      0.49%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2        2047160      0.77%     90.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3        2769819      1.04%     91.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4        2856320      1.08%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5        2414162      0.91%     93.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6        1356861      0.51%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7        2003558      0.76%     95.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8       12922894      4.87%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total    265095520                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.082517                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.461426                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles      225714391                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles      7766299                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles        27612697                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles        30549                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles      3971583                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved      3901380                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          384                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts    162617390                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         1999                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles      3971583                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles      226336966                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles       1599459                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles      4744861                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles        27028335                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles      1414313                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts    162559584                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents          183                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents       193009                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents       616580                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands    226803759                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups    756281164                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups    756281164                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps    196618870                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps       30184881                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts        40157                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20831                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts         4209084                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads     15212497                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores      8244456                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads        96860                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores      1918679                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded        162357632                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        40295                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued       154153091                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        21041                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17991457                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     43131271                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1321                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    265095520                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581500                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.272590                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    199897759     75.41%     75.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     26784752     10.10%     85.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13567989      5.12%     90.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     10262579      3.87%     94.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8068198      3.04%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3264464      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2040252      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1068216      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       141311      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    265095520                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         29113     11.33%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead        95099     37.01%     48.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       132748     51.66%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    129648090     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2304478      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        19324      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     13962455      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      8218744      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total    154153091                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.536713                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt            256960                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001667                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    573679703                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    180390016                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    151853792                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses    154410051                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       314605                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2439937                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          169                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          636                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       119284                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles      3971583                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles       1278876                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles       137489                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    162398084                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        65663                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     15212497                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      8244456                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20832                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents       116015                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           12                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          636                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1341330                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1302512                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts      2643842                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts    152039074                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     13139499                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2114017                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                 157                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs           21357936                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches       21604598                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores          8218437                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.529353                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent            151854023                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count           151853792                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers        87173889                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers       234923669                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.528708                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.371073                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts    114616740                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps    141033805                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts     21364305                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        38974                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts      2340394                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    261123937                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.540103                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.389414                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    203301347     77.86%     77.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     28649050     10.97%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10828966      4.15%     92.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5163090      1.98%     94.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4340583      1.66%     96.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2493372      0.95%     97.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2192609      0.84%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       986653      0.38%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3168267      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    261123937                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts    114616740                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps    141033805                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs             20897729                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads            12772557                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars             19444                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches         20337581                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts       127069318                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls      2904127                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events      3168267                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads          420353000                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes         328767877                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled               3452636                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles              22121397                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts         114616740                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps           141033805                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total    114616740                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.505890                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.505890                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.399060                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.399060                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads      684284987                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes     211522909                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads     150749965                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes        38940                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                 58                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles              287216917                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups       23368038                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19164145                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2288106                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9664186                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits        9132484                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2397707                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       102825                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles    222973940                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts            132787376                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches          23368038                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches     11530191                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles            29209128                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles       6491798                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles      7319558                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines        13733770                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2269869                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples    263671072                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615710                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.966805                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0      234461944     88.92%     88.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1        3166538      1.20%     90.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2        3666491      1.39%     91.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3        2014430      0.76%     92.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4        2315392      0.88%     93.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5        1275751      0.48%     93.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6         870399      0.33%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7        2261500      0.86%     94.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8       13638627      5.17%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total    263671072                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.081360                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.462324                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles      221169371                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles      9158222                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles        28963223                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles       233075                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles      4147177                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved      3792495                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred        21269                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts    162083864                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts       105394                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles      4147177                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles      221524456                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles       3399784                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles      4766632                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles        28855507                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles       977512                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts    161981363                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents          227                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents       250441                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents       455172                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands    225138508                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups    754194178                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups    754194178                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps    192334358                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps       32804139                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts        42237                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts        23486                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts         2620816                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads     15453661                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores      8423121                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads       222583                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores      1871701                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded        161745705                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        42312                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued       152887794                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       213273                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     20143072                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     46540574                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4539                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    263671072                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579843                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269330                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    199251674     75.57%     75.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     25908154      9.83%     85.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13919681      5.28%     90.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9647572      3.66%     94.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8420462      3.19%     97.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      4304679      1.63%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1044356      0.40%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       669769      0.25%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       504725      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    263671072                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         40331     12.31%     12.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead       139230     42.48%     54.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       148190     45.21%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    127979999     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2390861      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        18730      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     14133995      9.24%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      8364209      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total    152887794                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.532308                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt            327751                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002144                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    569987682                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    181932531                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    150354784                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses    153215545                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       385323                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2710722                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          977                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1447                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       179323                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         9367                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            9                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles      4147177                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles       2834966                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles       168083                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    161788150                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        60731                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     15453661                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      8423121                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        23450                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents       119909                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            2                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1447                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1328897                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1281254                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts      2610151                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts    150636645                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     13274881                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2251147                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                 133                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs           21637106                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches       21083082                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores          8362225                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.524470                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent            150357185                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count           150354784                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers        89363754                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers       234045664                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.523489                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.381822                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts    112943244                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps    138567435                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts     23222708                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        37773                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts      2301151                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    259523895                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533929                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.352963                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    202920875     78.19%     78.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     26247017     10.11%     88.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10999364      4.24%     92.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      6611048      2.55%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4576170      1.76%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2958706      1.14%     97.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1530320      0.59%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1234744      0.48%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2445651      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    259523895                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts    112943244                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps    138567435                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs             20986737                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads            12742939                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars             18846                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches         19832614                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts       124922788                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls      2819157                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events      2445651                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads          418867633                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes         327727553                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled               3412489                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles              23545845                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts         112943244                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps           138567435                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total    112943244                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.543020                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.543020                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.393233                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.393233                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads      679522452                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes     208683700                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads     151283732                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes        37738                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                 29                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles              287216917                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups       21814477                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19471122                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1739243                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     14505852                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits       14215597                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1310655                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        52227                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles    230405704                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts            123931827                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches          21814477                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches     15526252                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles            27623193                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles       5720505                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles      3451538                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           29                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines        13942794                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1707145                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples    265451942                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.523144                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.765740                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0      237828749     89.59%     89.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1        4204427      1.58%     91.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2        2135394      0.80%     91.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3        4160208      1.57%     93.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4        1334600      0.50%     94.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5        3842662      1.45%     95.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6         608828      0.23%     95.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7         987560      0.37%     96.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8       10349514      3.90%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total    265451942                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.075951                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.431492                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles      228025544                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles      5884510                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles        27568653                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles        22132                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles      3951099                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved      2065528                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred        20378                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts    138651379                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts        38420                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles      3951099                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles      228294910                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles       3463879                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles      1582927                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles        27312139                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles       846984                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts    138451640                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents          236                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents       106445                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents       659729                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands    181473485                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups    627547574                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups    627547574                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps    147050159                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps       34423326                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts        18592                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts         9403                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts         1919623                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads     24952122                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores      4066725                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads        26885                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores       926480                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded        137739544                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        18660                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued       128940988                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        82652                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     24956184                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     51119433                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          121                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    265451942                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.485741                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.098563                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    208930495     78.71%     78.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     17801855      6.71%     85.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     18896549      7.12%     92.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     10976414      4.13%     96.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5675143      2.14%     98.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1418636      0.53%     99.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1680194      0.63%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        39371      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        33285      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    265451942                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        215784     57.26%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead        88094     23.38%     80.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        72959     19.36%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    101122455     78.43%     78.43% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1013061      0.79%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         9191      0.01%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     22763775     17.65%     96.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      4032506      3.13%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total    128940988                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.448932                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt            376837                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002923                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    523793407                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    162714731                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    125659516                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses    129317825                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       100965                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      5111707                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          130                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          351                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       100422                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles      3951099                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles       2442989                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles       104208                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    137758299                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        18269                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     24952122                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      4066725                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         9399                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents        46127                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2566                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          351                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1173639                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       670387                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts      1844026                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts    127309247                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     22441743                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1631741                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                  95                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs           26474056                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches       19342736                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores          4032313                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.443251                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent            125687973                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count           125659516                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers        76024480                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers       165688231                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.437507                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.458841                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100011099                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps    112628158                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts     25135762                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        18539                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts      1728372                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    261500843                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.430699                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.300869                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    219537169     83.95%     83.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     16505413      6.31%     90.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10569776      4.04%     94.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      3350941      1.28%     95.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5531950      2.12%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1080910      0.41%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       685660      0.26%     98.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       628132      0.24%     98.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3610892      1.38%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    261500843                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts    100011099                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps    112628158                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs             23806718                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads            19840415                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars              9249                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches         17269765                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts        98446753                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls      1412239                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events      3610892                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads          395653494                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes         279482110                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled               5129406                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles              21764975                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts         100011099                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps           112628158                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total    100011099                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.871850                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.871850                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.348208                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.348208                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads      591704728                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes     163746549                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads     147208462                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes        18522                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.replacements                         337242                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tagsinuse                      32762.074739                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.total_refs                          2461464                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.sampled_refs                         370007                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.avg_refs                           6.652480                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.warmup_cycle                              0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           255.008309                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst     2.376636                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data  1620.029292                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst     2.430064                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data  1760.476647                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst     2.218807                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data  1648.730964                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst     2.547136                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data  1658.743199                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst     3.931071                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data  1252.611421                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst     2.833279                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data  2730.929336                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst     2.409195                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data  1801.709463                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst     3.899722                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data  1262.408957                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst     2.912332                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data  2694.158540                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst     2.658356                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data  1014.195321                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst     2.758898                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data  1015.399463                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst     2.446869                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data  1267.015832                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst     2.595015                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data  2334.816395                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst     3.810208                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data  1269.626117                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst     2.657876                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data  1789.353684                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst     2.385039                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data  1655.867083                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu00.data           358.407907                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu01.data           363.478925                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu02.data           357.512744                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu03.data           342.293172                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu04.data           338.302039                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu05.data           410.939986                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu06.data           356.806938                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu07.data           328.077694                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu08.data           431.203209                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu09.data           305.749822                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu10.data           297.855280                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu11.data           335.084946                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu12.data           422.897318                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu13.data           327.129734                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu14.data           364.559598                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu15.data           345.824901                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_percent::writebacks            0.007782                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000073                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.049439                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000074                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.053725                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000068                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.050315                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000078                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.050621                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000120                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.038227                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000086                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.083341                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000074                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.054984                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000119                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.038526                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000089                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.082219                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000081                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.030951                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000084                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.030988                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000075                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.038666                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000079                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.071253                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000116                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.038746                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000081                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.054607                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000073                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.050533                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu00.data            0.010938                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu01.data            0.011092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu02.data            0.010910                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu03.data            0.010446                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu04.data            0.010324                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu05.data            0.012541                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu06.data            0.010889                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu07.data            0.010012                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu08.data            0.013159                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu09.data            0.009331                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu10.data            0.009090                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu11.data            0.010226                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu12.data            0.012906                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu13.data            0.009983                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu14.data            0.011125                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu15.data            0.010554                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::total                 0.999819                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        41361                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        41412                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        41457                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        41081                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        31241                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        56816                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        41687                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        31101                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        57022                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        29511                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        29391                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        31262                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        50422                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        31158                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        41689                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        41471                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                  638107                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks           198659                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                198659                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data           83                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          174                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data           81                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data           78                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          169                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data           90                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          174                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          172                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data           86                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          244                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          246                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          171                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          152                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          169                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          174                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data           78                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  2341                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data        41444                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data        41586                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data        41538                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data        41159                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data        31410                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data        56906                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data        41861                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data        31273                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data        57108                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data        29755                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data        29637                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data        31433                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data        50574                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data        31327                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data        41863                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data        41549                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   640448                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data        41444                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data        41586                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data        41538                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data        41159                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data        31410                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data        56906                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data        41861                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data        31273                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data        57108                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data        29755                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data        29637                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data        31433                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data        50574                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data        31327                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data        41863                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data        41549                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  640448                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        21002                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        21477                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        20868                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        21255                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data        15299                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        35464                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        21848                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data        15440                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        35340                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data        11844                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        11967                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        15298                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        31521                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        15388                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        21546                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        20873                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                337049                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                  57                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        21004                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        21479                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        20868                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        21260                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data        15299                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        35464                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        21849                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data        15440                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        35344                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data        11861                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        11985                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        15298                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        31521                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        15388                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        21549                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        20878                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 337106                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        21004                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        21479                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        20868                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        21260                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data        15299                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        35464                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        21849                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data        15440                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        35344                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data        11861                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        11985                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        15298                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        31521                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        15388                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        21549                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        20878                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                337106                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5823580                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3486881813                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5950043                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3619689107                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5581027                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3470832773                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5507067                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3527282890                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6806758                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2553120551                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6123645                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   5901864420                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5930869                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3678230413                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6738258                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2576377996                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6322952                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   5879078571                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6827778                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1988492566                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6373800                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2011084187                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6792281                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2548381792                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6468550                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   5280855325                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6865460                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2564671792                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6096933                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   3625523015                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5568180                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3460709071                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     56272853463                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       351161                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       306567                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       730839                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       155651                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data       612916                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      2891383                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      3039008                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       479470                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       937646                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total       9504641                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5823580                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3487232974                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5950043                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3619995674                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5581027                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3470832773                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5507067                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3528013729                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6806758                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2553120551                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6123645                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   5901864420                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5930869                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3678386064                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6738258                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2576377996                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6322952                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   5879691487                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6827778                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1991383949                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6373800                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2014123195                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6792281                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2548381792                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6468550                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   5280855325                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6865460                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2564671792                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6096933                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   3626002485                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5568180                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3461646717                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      56282358104                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5823580                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3487232974                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5950043                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3619995674                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5581027                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3470832773                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5507067                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3528013729                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6806758                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2553120551                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6123645                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   5901864420                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5930869                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3678386064                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6738258                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2576377996                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6322952                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   5879691487                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6827778                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1991383949                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6373800                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2014123195                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6792281                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2548381792                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6468550                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   5280855325                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6865460                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2564671792                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6096933                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   3626002485                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5568180                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3461646717                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     56282358104                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        62363                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        62889                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        62325                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        62336                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        46540                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        92280                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        63535                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        46541                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        92362                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        41355                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        41358                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        46560                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        81943                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        46546                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        63235                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        62344                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total              975156                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       198659                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total            198659                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data           85                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          176                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data           81                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data           83                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          169                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           90                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          175                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          172                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data           90                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          261                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          264                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          171                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          152                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          169                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          177                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           83                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              2398                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        62448                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        63065                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        62406                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        62419                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        46709                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        92370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        63710                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        46713                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        92452                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        41616                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        41622                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        46731                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        82095                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        46715                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        63412                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        62427                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               977554                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        62448                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        63065                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        62406                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        62419                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           44                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        46709                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        92370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        63710                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           44                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        46713                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        92452                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           46                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        41616                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        41622                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           44                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        46731                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        82095                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           44                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        46715                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        63412                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        62427                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              977554                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.336770                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.341506                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.334826                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.340975                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.328728                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.384309                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.343873                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.331750                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.382625                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.934783                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.286398                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.930233                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.289352                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.931818                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.328565                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.384670                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.330598                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.340729                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.334804                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.345636                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.023529                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.011364                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.060241                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.005714                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.044444                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.065134                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.068182                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.016949                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.060241                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.023770                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.336344                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.340585                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.334391                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.340601                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.327539                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.383934                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.342945                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.330529                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.382296                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.934783                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.285011                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.930233                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.287949                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.931818                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.327363                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.383958                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.329402                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.339825                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.334439                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.344846                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.336344                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.340585                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.334391                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.340601                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.327539                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.383934                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.342945                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.330529                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.382296                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.934783                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.285011                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.930233                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.287949                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.931818                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.327363                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.383958                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.329402                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.339825                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.334439                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.344846                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 171281.764706                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 166026.179078                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 160811.972973                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 168537.929273                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 159457.914286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 166323.211280                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 157344.771429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 165950.735827                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 162065.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 166881.531538                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 157016.538462                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 166418.464358                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 160293.756757                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 168355.474780                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 160434.714286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 166863.859845                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 162126.974359                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 166357.627929                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 158785.534884                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 167890.287572                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst       159345                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 168052.493273                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 165665.390244                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 166582.676951                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst       170225                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 167534.511120                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 163463.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 166666.999740                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 152423.325000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 168268.960132                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 159090.857143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 165798.355339                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 166957.485300                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 175580.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 153283.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 146167.800000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       155651                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data       153229                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 170081.352941                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 168833.777778                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 159823.333333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 187529.200000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 166748.087719                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 171281.764706                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 166027.088840                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 160811.972973                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 168536.508869                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 159457.914286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 166323.211280                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 157344.771429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 165946.083208                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 162065.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 166881.531538                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 157016.538462                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 166418.464358                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 160293.756757                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 168354.893313                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 160434.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 166863.859845                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 162126.974359                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 166356.142117                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 158785.534884                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 167893.427957                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst       159345                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 168053.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 165665.390244                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 166582.676951                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst       170225                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 167534.511120                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 163463.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 166666.999740                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 152423.325000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 168267.784352                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 159090.857143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 165803.559584                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 166957.449894                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 171281.764706                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 166027.088840                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 160811.972973                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 168536.508869                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 159457.914286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 166323.211280                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 157344.771429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 165946.083208                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 162065.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 166881.531538                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 157016.538462                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 166418.464358                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 160293.756757                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 168354.893313                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 160434.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 166863.859845                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 162126.974359                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 166356.142117                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 158785.534884                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 167893.427957                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst       159345                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 168053.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 165665.390244                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 166582.676951                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst       170225                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 167534.511120                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 163463.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 166666.999740                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 152423.325000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 168267.784352                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 159090.857143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 165803.559584                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 166957.449894                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               100815                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    100815                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        21002                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        21477                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        20868                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        21255                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        15299                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        35464                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        21848                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        15440                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        35340                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        11844                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        11967                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        15298                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        31521                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        15388                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        21546                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        20873                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           337049                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total             57                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        21004                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        21479                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        20868                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        21260                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        15299                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        35464                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        21849                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        15440                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        35344                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        11861                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        11985                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        15298                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        31521                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        15388                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        21549                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        20878                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            337106                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        21004                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        21479                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        20868                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        21260                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        15299                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        35464                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        21849                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        15440                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        35344                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        11861                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        11985                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        15298                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        31521                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        15388                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        21549                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        20878                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           337106                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3849728                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2263472643                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3798700                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2368898353                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3544364                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2255178374                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3470243                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2289100001                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      4363424                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1662182517                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3851730                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   3837568303                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3777536                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2405855027                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      4295828                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1677172061                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      4052664                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3821875723                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      4327950                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1298869330                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4053590                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1314296958                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4409847                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1657502456                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      4256752                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3445341039                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      4427628                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1668582757                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3767869                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2370687170                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3535415                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2244825028                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  36645191008                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       234019                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       190157                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       439649                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data        97202                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data       379293                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      1898434                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      1991150                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       304076                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       646785                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6180765                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3849728                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2263706662                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3798700                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2369088510                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3544364                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2255178374                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3470243                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2289539650                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      4363424                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1662182517                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3851730                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   3837568303                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3777536                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2405952229                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      4295828                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1677172061                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      4052664                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3822255016                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      4327950                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1300767764                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4053590                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1316288108                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4409847                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1657502456                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      4256752                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3445341039                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      4427628                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1668582757                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3767869                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2370991246                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3535415                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2245471813                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  36651371773                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3849728                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2263706662                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3798700                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2369088510                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3544364                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2255178374                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3470243                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2289539650                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      4363424                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1662182517                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3851730                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   3837568303                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3777536                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2405952229                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      4295828                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1677172061                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      4052664                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3822255016                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      4327950                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1300767764                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4053590                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1316288108                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4409847                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1657502456                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      4256752                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3445341039                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      4427628                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1668582757                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3767869                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2370991246                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3535415                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2245471813                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  36651371773                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.336770                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.341506                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.334826                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.340975                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.328728                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.384309                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.343873                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.331750                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.382625                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.934783                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.286398                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.930233                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.289352                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.931818                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.328565                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.384670                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.330598                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.340729                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.334804                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.345636                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.023529                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.011364                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.060241                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.005714                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.044444                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.065134                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.068182                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.016949                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.060241                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023770                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.336344                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.340585                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.334391                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.340601                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.327539                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.383934                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.342945                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.330529                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.382296                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.934783                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.285011                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.930233                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.287949                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.931818                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.327363                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.383958                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.329402                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.339825                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.334439                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.344846                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.336344                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.340585                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.334391                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.340601                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.327539                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.383934                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.342945                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.330529                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.382296                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.934783                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.285011                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.930233                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.287949                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.931818                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.327363                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.383958                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.329402                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.339825                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.334439                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.344846                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 113227.294118                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 107774.147367                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 102667.567568                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 110299.313358                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 101267.542857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 108068.735576                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 99149.800000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 107697.012515                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 103891.047619                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 108646.481273                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 98762.307692                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 108210.249915                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 102095.567568                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 110117.860994                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 102281.619048                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 108625.133484                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 103914.461538                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 108145.889162                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst       100650                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 109664.752617                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 101339.750000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 109826.770118                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 107557.243902                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 108347.656949                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 112019.789474                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 109303.037308                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 105419.714286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 108434.023720                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 94196.725000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 110029.108419                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 101011.857143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 107546.832176                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108723.630712                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 117009.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 95078.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 87929.800000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data        97202                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 94823.250000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 111672.588235                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 110619.444444                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 101358.666667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       129357                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108434.473684                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 113227.294118                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 107775.026757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 102667.567568                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 110297.896085                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 101267.542857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 108068.735576                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 99149.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 107692.363594                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 103891.047619                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 108646.481273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 98762.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 108210.249915                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 102095.567568                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 110117.269852                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 102281.619048                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 108625.133484                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 103914.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 108144.381394                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst       100650                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 109667.630385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 101339.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 109827.960617                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 107557.243902                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 108347.656949                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 112019.789474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 109303.037308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 105419.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 108434.023720                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 94196.725000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 110027.901341                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 101011.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 107552.055417                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108723.581820                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 113227.294118                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 107775.026757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 102667.567568                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 110297.896085                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 101267.542857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 108068.735576                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 99149.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 107692.363594                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 103891.047619                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 108646.481273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 98762.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 108210.249915                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 102095.567568                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 110117.269852                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 102281.619048                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 108625.133484                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 103914.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 108144.381394                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst       100650                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 109667.630385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 101339.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 109827.960617                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 107557.243902                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 108347.656949                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 112019.789474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 109303.037308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 105419.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 108434.023720                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 94196.725000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 110027.901341                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 101011.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 107552.055417                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108723.581820                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              559.770887                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1013973826                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  562                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1804223.889680                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    33.753867                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst   526.017020                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.054093                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.842976                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.897069                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     13941557                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13941557                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     13941557                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total       13941557                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     13941557                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total      13941557                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7536037                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7536037                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7536037                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7536037                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7536037                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7536037                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     13941600                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13941600                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     13941600                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total     13941600                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     13941600                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total     13941600                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 175256.674419                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 175256.674419                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 175256.674419                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 175256.674419                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 175256.674419                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 175256.674419                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6407078                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6407078                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6407078                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6407078                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6407078                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6407078                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 183059.371429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 183059.371429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 183059.371429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 183059.371429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 183059.371429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 183059.371429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                62448                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              243203228                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                62704                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs              3878.591924                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   199.816671                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    56.183329                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.780534                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.219466                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data     20493842                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      20493842                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      3946811                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3946811                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         9307                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         9307                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         9256                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         9256                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data     24440653                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total       24440653                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data     24440653                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total      24440653                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data       216262                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       216262                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          412                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          412                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data       216674                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total       216674                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data       216674                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total       216674                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  24666822406                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  24666822406                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     37893927                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     37893927                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  24704716333                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  24704716333                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  24704716333                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  24704716333                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     20710104                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     20710104                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      3947223                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3947223                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         9307                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         9307                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         9256                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         9256                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     24657327                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total     24657327                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     24657327                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total     24657327                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.010442                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010442                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000104                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008787                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008787                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008787                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008787                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 114059.901444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 114059.901444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 91975.550971                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 91975.550971                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 114017.908623                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 114017.908623                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 114017.908623                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 114017.908623                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7682                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total            7682                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       153899                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       153899                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          327                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          327                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       154226                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       154226                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       154226                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       154226                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        62363                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        62363                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data           85                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           85                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        62448                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        62448                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        62448                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        62448                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   6483022846                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6483022846                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      6079458                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6079458                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   6489102304                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6489102304                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   6489102304                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6489102304                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.003011                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003011                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002533                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002533                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002533                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002533                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 103956.237609                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103956.237609                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 71523.035294                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71523.035294                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 103912.091724                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103912.091724                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 103912.091724                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103912.091724                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              518.982644                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs             1088404806                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  520                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             2093086.165385                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    36.982644                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.059267                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.831703                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     13736979                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13736979                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     13736979                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total       13736979                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     13736979                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total      13736979                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      7738784                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7738784                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      7738784                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7738784                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      7738784                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7738784                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     13737027                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13737027                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     13737027                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total     13737027                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     13737027                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total     13737027                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 161224.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 161224.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 161224.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 161224.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 161224.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 161224.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6503747                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6503747                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6503747                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6503747                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6503747                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6503747                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 171151.236842                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 171151.236842                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 171151.236842                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 171151.236842                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 171151.236842                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 171151.236842                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                63065                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              186279896                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                63321                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs              2941.834399                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   234.252238                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    21.747762                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.915048                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.084952                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      9690221                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9690221                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      8197401                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      8197401                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        20151                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        20151                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        18865                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        18865                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data     17887622                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total       17887622                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data     17887622                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total      17887622                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data       215228                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       215228                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3923                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3923                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data       219151                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total       219151                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data       219151                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total       219151                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  28158734563                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  28158734563                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    501699553                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    501699553                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  28660434116                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  28660434116                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  28660434116                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  28660434116                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      9905449                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9905449                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      8201324                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8201324                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        20151                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        20151                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        18865                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        18865                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     18106773                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total     18106773                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     18106773                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total     18106773                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.021728                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021728                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000478                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000478                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.012103                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012103                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.012103                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012103                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 130832.115538                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 130832.115538                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 127886.707367                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 127886.707367                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 130779.390083                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 130779.390083                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 130779.390083                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 130779.390083                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        21581                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total           21581                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       152339                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       152339                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         3747                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         3747                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       156086                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       156086                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       156086                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       156086                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        62889                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        62889                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          176                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          176                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        63065                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        63065                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        63065                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        63065                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   6626469987                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6626469987                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     11775005                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11775005                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   6638244992                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6638244992                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   6638244992                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6638244992                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.006349                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006349                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.003483                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003483                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.003483                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003483                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 105367.711158                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105367.711158                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 66903.437500                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66903.437500                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 105260.366162                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105260.366162                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 105260.366162                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105260.366162                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              560.050135                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs             1013974752                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  563                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1801020.873890                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    34.944566                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst   525.105568                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.056001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.841515                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.897516                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     13942483                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13942483                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     13942483                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total       13942483                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     13942483                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total      13942483                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6949318                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6949318                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6949318                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6949318                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6949318                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6949318                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     13942527                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13942527                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     13942527                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total     13942527                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     13942527                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total     13942527                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 157939.045455                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 157939.045455                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 157939.045455                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 157939.045455                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 157939.045455                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 157939.045455                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6001762                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6001762                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6001762                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6001762                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6001762                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6001762                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 166715.611111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166715.611111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 166715.611111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166715.611111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 166715.611111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166715.611111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                62406                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              243204406                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                62662                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs              3881.210399                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   200.554847                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    55.445153                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.783417                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.216583                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data     20494128                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      20494128                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      3947687                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3947687                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         9318                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         9318                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         9261                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         9261                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data     24441815                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total       24441815                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data     24441815                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total      24441815                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data       215625                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       215625                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          387                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          387                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data       216012                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total       216012                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data       216012                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total       216012                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  24586429780                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  24586429780                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     34076229                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     34076229                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  24620506009                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  24620506009                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  24620506009                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  24620506009                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     20709753                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     20709753                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      3948074                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3948074                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         9318                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         9318                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         9261                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         9261                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     24657827                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total     24657827                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     24657827                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total     24657827                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.010412                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010412                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000098                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000098                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.008760                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008760                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.008760                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008760                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 114024.022168                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 114024.022168                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 88052.271318                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88052.271318                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 113977.492033                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 113977.492033                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 113977.492033                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 113977.492033                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7570                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total            7570                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       153300                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       153300                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          306                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          306                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       153606                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       153606                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       153606                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       153606                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        62325                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        62325                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data           81                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           81                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        62406                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        62406                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        62406                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        62406                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   6470637944                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6470637944                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      5411992                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5411992                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   6476049936                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6476049936                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   6476049936                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6476049936                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003009                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003009                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002531                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002531                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002531                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002531                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 103820.905640                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103820.905640                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 66814.716049                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66814.716049                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 103772.873378                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103772.873378                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 103772.873378                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103772.873378                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              559.633602                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs             1013971621                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  563                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1801015.312611                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    34.527961                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst   525.105641                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.055333                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.841515                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.896849                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     13939352                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13939352                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     13939352                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total       13939352                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     13939352                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total      13939352                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      7045985                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7045985                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      7045985                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7045985                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      7045985                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7045985                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     13939395                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13939395                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     13939395                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total     13939395                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     13939395                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total     13939395                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 163860.116279                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 163860.116279                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 163860.116279                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 163860.116279                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 163860.116279                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 163860.116279                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6071837                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6071837                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6071837                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6071837                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6071837                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6071837                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 168662.138889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168662.138889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 168662.138889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168662.138889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 168662.138889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168662.138889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                62419                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              243193277                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                62675                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs              3880.227794                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   200.554896                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    55.445104                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.783418                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.216582                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data     20486085                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      20486085                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      3944625                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3944625                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         9300                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         9300                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         9255                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         9255                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data     24430710                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total       24430710                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data     24430710                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total      24430710                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data       215974                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       215974                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          400                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          400                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data       216374                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total       216374                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data       216374                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total       216374                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  24723404599                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  24723404599                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     39387374                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     39387374                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  24762791973                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  24762791973                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  24762791973                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  24762791973                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     20702059                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     20702059                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      3945025                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3945025                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         9300                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         9300                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         9255                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         9255                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     24647084                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total     24647084                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     24647084                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total     24647084                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.010432                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010432                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000101                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000101                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008779                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008779                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008779                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008779                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 114473.985753                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 114473.985753                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 98468.435000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 98468.435000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 114444.397076                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 114444.397076                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 114444.397076                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 114444.397076                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7457                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total            7457                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data       153638                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       153638                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          317                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          317                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data       153955                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       153955                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data       153955                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       153955                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        62336                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        62336                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data           83                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           83                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        62419                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        62419                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        62419                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        62419                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   6506564046                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6506564046                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      6107415                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6107415                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   6512671461                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6512671461                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   6512671461                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6512671461                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.003011                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003011                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002533                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002533                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002533                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002533                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 104378.915009                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104378.915009                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 73583.313253                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73583.313253                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 104337.965379                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104337.965379                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 104337.965379                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104337.965379                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              517.438444                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs             1087087504                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             2094580.932563                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    42.438444                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.068010                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.829228                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     13951967                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13951967                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     13951967                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total       13951967                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     13951967                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total      13951967                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      9083193                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9083193                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      9083193                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9083193                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      9083193                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9083193                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     13952022                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13952022                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     13952022                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total     13952022                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     13952022                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total     13952022                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 165148.963636                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 165148.963636                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 165148.963636                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 165148.963636                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 165148.963636                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 165148.963636                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      7617258                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7617258                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      7617258                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7617258                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      7617258                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7617258                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 173119.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173119.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 173119.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173119.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 173119.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173119.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                46709                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              179924072                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                46965                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs              3831.024635                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   233.497994                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    22.502006                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.912102                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.087898                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      9606652                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9606652                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      8086408                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      8086408                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        20672                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        20672                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        19471                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        19471                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data     17693060                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total       17693060                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data     17693060                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total      17693060                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data       149501                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       149501                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          989                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          989                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data       150490                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total       150490                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data       150490                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total       150490                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  18413434177                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  18413434177                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     85114507                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     85114507                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  18498548684                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  18498548684                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  18498548684                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  18498548684                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      9756153                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9756153                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      8087397                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8087397                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        20672                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        20672                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        19471                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        19471                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     17843550                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total     17843550                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     17843550                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total     17843550                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.015324                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015324                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000122                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000122                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008434                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008434                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008434                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008434                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 123165.959940                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123165.959940                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 86061.179980                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86061.179980                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 122922.112326                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 122922.112326                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 122922.112326                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 122922.112326                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9857                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total            9857                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       102961                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       102961                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          820                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          820                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       103781                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       103781                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       103781                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       103781                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        46540                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        46540                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          169                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          169                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        46709                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        46709                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        46709                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        46709                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   4802074942                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4802074942                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     11254194                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11254194                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   4813329136                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4813329136                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   4813329136                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4813329136                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.004770                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004770                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002618                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002618                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002618                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002618                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 103181.670434                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103181.670434                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 66592.863905                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66592.863905                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 103049.286776                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103049.286776                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 103049.286776                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103049.286776                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              579.710474                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs             1121120006                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  583                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1923018.878216                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    38.685246                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst   541.025229                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.061996                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.867028                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.929023                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     13592688                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13592688                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     13592688                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total       13592688                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     13592688                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total      13592688                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      8536943                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8536943                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      8536943                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8536943                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      8536943                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8536943                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     13592740                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13592740                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     13592740                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total     13592740                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     13592740                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total     13592740                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 164171.980769                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 164171.980769                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 164171.980769                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 164171.980769                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 164171.980769                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 164171.980769                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6623104                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6623104                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6623104                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6623104                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6623104                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6623104                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 165577.600000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165577.600000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 165577.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165577.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 165577.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165577.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                92369                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              490387644                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                92625                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs              5294.333538                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   111.916586                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data   144.083414                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.437174                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.562826                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data     35643882                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      35643882                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data     19519302                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     19519302                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         9530                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         9530                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         9524                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         9524                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data     55163184                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total       55163184                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data     55163184                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total      55163184                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data       325980                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       325980                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          296                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          296                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data       326276                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total       326276                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data       326276                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total       326276                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  39389357530                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  39389357530                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     25690301                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     25690301                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  39415047831                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  39415047831                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  39415047831                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  39415047831                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     35969862                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     35969862                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     19519598                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     19519598                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         9530                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         9530                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         9524                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         9524                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     55489460                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total     55489460                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     55489460                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total     55489460                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.009063                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009063                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.005880                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005880                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.005880                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005880                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 120833.663200                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120833.663200                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 86791.557432                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86791.557432                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 120802.779950                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 120802.779950                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 120802.779950                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 120802.779950                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        17821                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total           17821                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       233700                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       233700                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          206                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          206                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       233906                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       233906                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       233906                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       233906                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        92280                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        92280                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data           90                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           90                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        92370                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        92370                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        92370                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        92370                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  10235897007                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  10235897007                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      6246773                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6246773                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  10242143780                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  10242143780                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  10242143780                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  10242143780                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002565                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002565                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.001665                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001665                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.001665                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001665                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 110922.160891                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110922.160891                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 69408.588889                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69408.588889                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 110881.712461                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110881.712461                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 110881.712461                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110881.712461                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              519.264441                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs             1088402338                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  520                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             2093081.419231                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    37.264441                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.059719                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.832155                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     13734511                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13734511                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     13734511                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total       13734511                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     13734511                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total      13734511                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      7656648                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7656648                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      7656648                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7656648                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      7656648                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7656648                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     13734558                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13734558                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     13734558                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total     13734558                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     13734558                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total     13734558                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 162907.404255                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 162907.404255                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 162907.404255                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 162907.404255                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 162907.404255                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 162907.404255                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6465878                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6465878                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6465878                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6465878                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6465878                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6465878                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 170154.684211                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170154.684211                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 170154.684211                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170154.684211                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 170154.684211                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170154.684211                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                63710                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              186270961                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                63966                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs              2912.030782                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   234.252931                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    21.747069                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.915051                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.084949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      9685443                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9685443                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      8193513                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      8193513                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        19891                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19891                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        18856                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        18856                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data     17878956                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total       17878956                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data     17878956                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total      17878956                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data       216263                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       216263                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3921                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3921                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data       220184                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total       220184                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data       220184                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total       220184                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  28213698835                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  28213698835                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    499451461                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    499451461                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  28713150296                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  28713150296                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  28713150296                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  28713150296                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      9901706                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9901706                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      8197434                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8197434                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        19891                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19891                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        18856                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        18856                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     18099140                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total     18099140                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     18099140                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total     18099140                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.021841                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021841                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000478                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000478                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.012165                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012165                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.012165                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012165                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 130460.128802                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 130460.128802                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 127378.592451                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 127378.592451                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 130405.253315                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 130405.253315                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 130405.253315                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 130405.253315                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        21548                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total           21548                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       152728                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       152728                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         3746                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         3746                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       156474                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       156474                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       156474                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       156474                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        63535                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        63535                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          175                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          175                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        63710                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        63710                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        63710                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        63710                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   6713873603                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6713873603                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     11846932                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11846932                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   6725720535                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6725720535                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   6725720535                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6725720535                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.006417                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006417                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.003520                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003520                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.003520                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003520                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 105672.048524                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105672.048524                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 67696.754286                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67696.754286                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 105567.737168                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105567.737168                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 105567.737168                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105567.737168                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              517.920417                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs             1087084889                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             2094575.894027                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    42.920417                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.068783                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.830001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     13949352                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13949352                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     13949352                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total       13949352                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     13949352                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total      13949352                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      9601475                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9601475                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      9601475                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9601475                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      9601475                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9601475                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     13949406                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13949406                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     13949406                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total     13949406                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     13949406                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total     13949406                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 177805.092593                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 177805.092593                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 177805.092593                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 177805.092593                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 177805.092593                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 177805.092593                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      7965740                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7965740                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      7965740                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7965740                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      7965740                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7965740                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 181039.545455                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 181039.545455                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 181039.545455                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 181039.545455                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 181039.545455                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 181039.545455                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                46713                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              179926391                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                46969                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs              3830.747749                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   233.498885                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    22.501115                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.912105                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.087895                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      9607862                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9607862                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      8087412                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      8087412                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        20775                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        20775                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        19473                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        19473                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data     17695274                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total       17695274                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data     17695274                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total      17695274                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data       149659                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       149659                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1008                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1008                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data       150667                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total       150667                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data       150667                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total       150667                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  18476916194                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  18476916194                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     87465603                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     87465603                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  18564381797                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  18564381797                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  18564381797                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  18564381797                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      9757521                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9757521                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      8088420                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8088420                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        20775                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        20775                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        19473                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        19473                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     17845941                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total     17845941                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     17845941                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total     17845941                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.015338                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015338                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000125                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000125                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008443                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008443                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008443                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008443                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 123460.107271                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123460.107271                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 86771.431548                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86771.431548                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 123214.650833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 123214.650833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 123214.650833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 123214.650833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9787                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total            9787                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       103118                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       103118                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          836                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          836                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       103954                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       103954                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       103954                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       103954                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        46541                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        46541                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          172                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          172                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        46713                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        46713                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        46713                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        46713                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   4816214273                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4816214273                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     11561892                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11561892                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   4827776165                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4827776165                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   4827776165                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4827776165                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.004770                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004770                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002618                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002618                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002618                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002618                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 103483.257193                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103483.257193                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 67220.302326                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67220.302326                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 103349.734870                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103349.734870                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 103349.734870                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103349.734870                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              580.012032                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs             1121119273                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  583                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1923017.620926                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    38.952926                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst   541.059106                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.062425                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.867082                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.929506                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     13591955                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13591955                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     13591955                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total       13591955                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     13591955                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total      13591955                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      8663475                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8663475                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      8663475                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8663475                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      8663475                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8663475                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     13592008                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13592008                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     13592008                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total     13592008                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     13592008                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total     13592008                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 163461.792453                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 163461.792453                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 163461.792453                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 163461.792453                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 163461.792453                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 163461.792453                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6857045                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6857045                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6857045                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6857045                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6857045                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6857045                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 171426.125000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 171426.125000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 171426.125000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 171426.125000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 171426.125000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 171426.125000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                92452                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              490429565                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                92708                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs              5290.045789                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   111.916962                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data   144.083038                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.437176                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.562824                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data     35669980                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      35669980                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data     19535102                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     19535102                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         9545                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         9545                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         9532                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         9532                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data     55205082                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total       55205082                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data     55205082                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total      55205082                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data       327165                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       327165                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          300                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          300                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data       327465                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total       327465                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data       327465                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total       327465                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  39438058310                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  39438058310                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     28041726                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     28041726                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  39466100036                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  39466100036                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  39466100036                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  39466100036                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     35997145                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     35997145                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     19535402                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     19535402                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         9545                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         9545                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         9532                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         9532                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     55532547                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total     55532547                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     55532547                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total     55532547                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.009089                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009089                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.005897                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005897                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.005897                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005897                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 120544.857518                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120544.857518                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 93472.420000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93472.420000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 120520.055688                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 120520.055688                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 120520.055688                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 120520.055688                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        18337                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total           18337                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       234803                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       234803                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data          210                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          210                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       235013                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       235013                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       235013                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       235013                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        92362                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        92362                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data           90                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           90                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        92452                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        92452                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        92452                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        92452                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  10226192272                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  10226192272                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      6858784                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6858784                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  10233051056                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  10233051056                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  10233051056                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  10233051056                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002566                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002566                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.001665                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001665                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.001665                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001665                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 110718.610164                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110718.610164                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 76208.711111                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76208.711111                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 110685.015532                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110685.015532                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 110685.015532                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110685.015532                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              496.846977                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs             1090187203                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  501                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             2176022.361277                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    42.194893                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst   454.652084                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.067620                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.728609                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.796229                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     14063189                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      14063189                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     14063189                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total       14063189                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     14063189                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total      14063189                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      9585273                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9585273                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      9585273                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9585273                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      9585273                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9585273                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     14063246                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     14063246                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     14063246                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total     14063246                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     14063246                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total     14063246                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 168162.684211                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 168162.684211                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 168162.684211                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 168162.684211                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 168162.684211                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 168162.684211                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           46                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           46                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      7706160                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7706160                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      7706160                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7706160                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      7706160                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7706160                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 167525.217391                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167525.217391                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 167525.217391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167525.217391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 167525.217391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167525.217391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                41616                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              177952849                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                41872                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs              4249.924747                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   233.464536                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    22.535464                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.911971                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.088029                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data     11226201                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      11226201                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      8332999                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      8332999                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        22095                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        22095                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        20237                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        20237                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data     19559200                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total       19559200                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data     19559200                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total      19559200                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data       106695                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       106695                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2579                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2579                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data       109274                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total       109274                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data       109274                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total       109274                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  11412534170                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  11412534170                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    188453020                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    188453020                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  11600987190                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  11600987190                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  11600987190                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  11600987190                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     11332896                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11332896                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      8335578                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8335578                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        22095                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        22095                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        20237                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        20237                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     19668474                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total     19668474                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     19668474                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total     19668474                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.009415                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009415                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000309                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000309                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.005556                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005556                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.005556                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005556                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 106964.095506                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 106964.095506                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 73072.128732                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73072.128732                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 106164.203653                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 106164.203653                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 106164.203653                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 106164.203653                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       273050                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             8                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 34131.250000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9000                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total            9000                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        65340                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        65340                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         2318                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         2318                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        67658                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        67658                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        67658                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        67658                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        41355                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        41355                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          261                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          261                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        41616                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        41616                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        41616                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        41616                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   4079820820                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4079820820                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     21845091                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     21845091                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   4101665911                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4101665911                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   4101665911                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4101665911                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.003649                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003649                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002116                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002116                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 98653.628824                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98653.628824                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 83697.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83697.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 98559.830618                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98559.830618                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 98559.830618                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98559.830618                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              495.105201                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs             1090185026                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  498                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             2189126.558233                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    40.105201                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.064271                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.793438                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     14061012                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      14061012                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     14061012                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total       14061012                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     14061012                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total      14061012                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      9515996                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9515996                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      9515996                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9515996                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      9515996                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9515996                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     14061069                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     14061069                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     14061069                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total     14061069                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     14061069                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total     14061069                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 166947.298246                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 166947.298246                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 166947.298246                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 166947.298246                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 166947.298246                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 166947.298246                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      7323087                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7323087                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      7323087                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7323087                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      7323087                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7323087                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 170304.348837                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170304.348837                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 170304.348837                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170304.348837                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 170304.348837                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170304.348837                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                41622                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              177959831                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                41878                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs              4249.482568                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   233.463958                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    22.536042                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.911969                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.088031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data     11229978                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      11229978                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      8336707                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      8336707                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        21582                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        21582                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        20247                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        20247                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data     19566685                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total       19566685                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data     19566685                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total      19566685                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data       106685                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       106685                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2637                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2637                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data       109322                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total       109322                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data       109322                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total       109322                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  11427826393                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  11427826393                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    194458855                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    194458855                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  11622285248                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  11622285248                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  11622285248                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  11622285248                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     11336663                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11336663                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      8339344                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8339344                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        21582                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        21582                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        20247                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        20247                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     19676007                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total     19676007                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     19676007                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total     19676007                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.009411                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009411                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000316                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000316                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.005556                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005556                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.005556                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005556                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 107117.461621                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107117.461621                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 73742.455442                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73742.455442                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 106312.409652                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 106312.409652                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 106312.409652                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 106312.409652                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       436837                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             9                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 48537.444444                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9007                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total            9007                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        65327                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        65327                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         2373                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         2373                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        67700                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        67700                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        67700                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        67700                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        41358                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        41358                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          264                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          264                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        41622                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        41622                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        41622                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        41622                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   4094309216                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4094309216                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     22186217                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     22186217                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   4116495433                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4116495433                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   4116495433                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4116495433                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.003648                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003648                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002115                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002115                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002115                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002115                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 98996.789400                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98996.789400                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 84038.700758                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84038.700758                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 98901.913243                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98901.913243                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 98901.913243                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98901.913243                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              517.903323                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs             1087086435                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             2094578.872832                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    42.903323                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.068755                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.829973                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     13950898                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13950898                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     13950898                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total       13950898                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     13950898                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total      13950898                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      9851045                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9851045                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      9851045                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9851045                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      9851045                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9851045                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     13950950                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13950950                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     13950950                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total     13950950                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     13950950                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total     13950950                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 189443.173077                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 189443.173077                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 189443.173077                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 189443.173077                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 189443.173077                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 189443.173077                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      8469722                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8469722                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      8469722                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      8469722                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      8469722                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      8469722                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 192493.681818                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 192493.681818                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 192493.681818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 192493.681818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 192493.681818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 192493.681818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                46731                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              179934206                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                46987                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs              3829.446570                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   233.499008                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    22.500992                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.912105                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.087895                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      9613130                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9613130                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      8089973                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      8089973                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        20756                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        20756                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        19478                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        19478                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data     17703103                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total       17703103                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data     17703103                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total      17703103                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data       149527                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       149527                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1006                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1006                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data       150533                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total       150533                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data       150533                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total       150533                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  18389776778                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  18389776778                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     86508312                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     86508312                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  18476285090                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  18476285090                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  18476285090                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  18476285090                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      9762657                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9762657                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      8090979                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8090979                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        20756                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        20756                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        19478                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        19478                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     17853636                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total     17853636                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     17853636                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total     17853636                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.015316                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015316                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000124                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000124                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008432                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008432                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008432                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008432                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 122986.328743                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 122986.328743                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 85992.357853                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85992.357853                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 122739.100994                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 122739.100994                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 122739.100994                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 122739.100994                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9860                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total            9860                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       102967                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       102967                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data          835                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          835                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       103802                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       103802                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       103802                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       103802                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        46560                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        46560                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          171                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          171                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        46731                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        46731                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        46731                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        46731                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   4800057756                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4800057756                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     11425846                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11425846                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   4811483602                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4811483602                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   4811483602                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4811483602                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.004769                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004769                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002617                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002617                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002617                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002617                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 103094.023969                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103094.023969                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 66817.812865                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66817.812865                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 102961.280563                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102961.280563                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 102961.280563                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102961.280563                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              528.059313                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs             1093079451                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  529                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             2066312.761815                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    38.059313                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.060992                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.846249                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     13892974                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13892974                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     13892974                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total       13892974                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     13892974                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total      13892974                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      9025780                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9025780                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      9025780                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9025780                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      9025780                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9025780                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     13893028                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13893028                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     13893028                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total     13893028                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     13893028                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total     13893028                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 167144.074074                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 167144.074074                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 167144.074074                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 167144.074074                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 167144.074074                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 167144.074074                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6907550                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6907550                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6907550                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6907550                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6907550                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6907550                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 177116.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 177116.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 177116.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 177116.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 177116.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 177116.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                82095                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              194779267                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                82351                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs              2365.232565                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   234.378673                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    21.621327                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.915542                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.084458                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      9634028                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9634028                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      7984609                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7984609                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        22334                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        22334                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        18630                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        18630                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data     17618637                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total       17618637                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data     17618637                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total      17618637                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data       208995                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       208995                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          919                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          919                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data       209914                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total       209914                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data       209914                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total       209914                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  25410257646                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  25410257646                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     78765900                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     78765900                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  25489023546                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  25489023546                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  25489023546                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  25489023546                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      9843023                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9843023                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      7985528                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7985528                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        22334                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        22334                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        18630                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        18630                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     17828551                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total     17828551                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     17828551                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total     17828551                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.021233                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021233                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000115                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.011774                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011774                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.011774                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011774                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 121583.088811                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121583.088811                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 85708.269859                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85708.269859                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 121426.029450                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 121426.029450                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 121426.029450                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 121426.029450                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        10076                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total           10076                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       127052                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       127052                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          767                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          767                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       127819                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       127819                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       127819                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       127819                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        81943                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        81943                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          152                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          152                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        82095                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        82095                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        82095                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        82095                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   8991044996                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8991044996                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     10114883                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10114883                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   9001159879                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9001159879                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   9001159879                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9001159879                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008325                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008325                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.004605                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004605                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.004605                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004605                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 109723.161173                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109723.161173                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 66545.282895                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66545.282895                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 109643.216749                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109643.216749                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 109643.216749                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109643.216749                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              517.670683                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs             1087086233                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             2094578.483622                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    42.670683                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.068383                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.829600                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     13950696                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13950696                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     13950696                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total       13950696                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     13950696                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total      13950696                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      9624251                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9624251                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      9624251                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9624251                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      9624251                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9624251                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     13950746                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13950746                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     13950746                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total     13950746                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     13950746                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total     13950746                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 192485.020000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 192485.020000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 192485.020000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 192485.020000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 192485.020000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 192485.020000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      8361654                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8361654                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      8361654                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      8361654                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      8361654                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      8361654                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 190037.590909                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 190037.590909                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 190037.590909                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 190037.590909                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 190037.590909                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 190037.590909                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                46715                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              179925076                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                46971                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs              3830.556641                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   233.498150                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    22.501850                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.912102                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.087898                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      9607235                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9607235                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      8086813                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      8086813                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        20689                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        20689                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        19470                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        19470                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data     17694048                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total       17694048                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data     17694048                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total      17694048                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data       149594                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       149594                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          987                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          987                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data       150581                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total       150581                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data       150581                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total       150581                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  18447979965                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  18447979965                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     85643311                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     85643311                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  18533623276                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  18533623276                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  18533623276                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  18533623276                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      9756829                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9756829                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      8087800                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8087800                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        20689                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        20689                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        19470                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        19470                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     17844629                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total     17844629                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     17844629                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total     17844629                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.015332                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015332                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000122                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000122                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008438                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008438                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008438                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008438                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 123320.320100                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123320.320100                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 86771.338399                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86771.338399                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 123080.755713                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 123080.755713                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 123080.755713                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 123080.755713                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9858                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total            9858                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       103048                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       103048                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          818                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          818                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       103866                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       103866                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       103866                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       103866                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        46546                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        46546                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          169                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          169                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        46715                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        46715                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        46715                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        46715                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   4811521083                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4811521083                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     11374379                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11374379                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   4822895462                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4822895462                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   4822895462                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4822895462                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.004771                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004771                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002618                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002618                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002618                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002618                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 103371.311885                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103371.311885                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 67304.017751                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67304.017751                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 103240.831896                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103240.831896                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 103240.831896                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103240.831896                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              520.929379                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs             1088401546                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  523                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             2081073.701721                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    38.929379                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.062387                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.834823                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     13733719                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13733719                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     13733719                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total       13733719                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     13733719                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total      13733719                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      7916221                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7916221                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      7916221                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7916221                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      7916221                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7916221                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     13733770                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13733770                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     13733770                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total     13733770                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     13733770                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total     13733770                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 155220.019608                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 155220.019608                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 155220.019608                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 155220.019608                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 155220.019608                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 155220.019608                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6656857                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6656857                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6656857                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6656857                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6656857                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6656857                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 162362.365854                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162362.365854                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 162362.365854                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162362.365854                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 162362.365854                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162362.365854                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                63412                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              186281459                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                63668                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs              2925.825517                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   234.252559                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    21.747441                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.915049                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.084951                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      9689656                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9689656                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      8199589                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      8199589                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        20087                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        20087                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        18869                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        18869                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data     17889245                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total       17889245                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data     17889245                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total      17889245                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data       216852                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       216852                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         3922                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3922                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data       220774                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total       220774                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data       220774                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total       220774                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  28339493641                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  28339493641                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    499035866                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    499035866                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  28838529507                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  28838529507                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  28838529507                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  28838529507                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      9906508                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9906508                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      8203511                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8203511                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        20087                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        20087                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        18869                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        18869                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     18110019                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total     18110019                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     18110019                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total     18110019                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.021890                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021890                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000478                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000478                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.012191                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012191                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.012191                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012191                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 130685.876270                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 130685.876270                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 127240.149414                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 127240.149414                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 130624.663715                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 130624.663715                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 130624.663715                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 130624.663715                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       107996                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       107996                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        21635                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total           21635                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       153617                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       153617                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         3745                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         3745                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       157362                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       157362                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       157362                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       157362                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        63235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        63235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          177                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          177                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        63412                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        63412                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        63412                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        63412                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   6655255980                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6655255980                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     12178490                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12178490                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   6667434470                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6667434470                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   6667434470                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6667434470                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.006383                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006383                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.003501                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003501                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.003501                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003501                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 105246.398039                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105246.398039                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 68805.028249                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68805.028249                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 105144.680344                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105144.680344                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 105144.680344                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105144.680344                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              560.019360                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs             1013975018                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  563                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1801021.346359                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    34.950893                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst   525.068467                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.056011                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.841456                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.897467                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     13942749                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13942749                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     13942749                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total       13942749                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     13942749                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total      13942749                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      7228031                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7228031                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      7228031                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7228031                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      7228031                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7228031                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     13942794                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13942794                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     13942794                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total     13942794                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     13942794                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total     13942794                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 160622.911111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 160622.911111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 160622.911111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 160622.911111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 160622.911111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 160622.911111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6063355                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6063355                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6063355                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6063355                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6063355                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6063355                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 168426.527778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168426.527778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 168426.527778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168426.527778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 168426.527778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168426.527778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                62427                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              243203389                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                62683                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs              3879.893895                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   200.513141                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    55.486859                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.783254                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.216746                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data     20493624                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      20493624                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      3947176                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3947176                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         9316                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         9316                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         9261                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         9261                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data     24440800                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total       24440800                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data     24440800                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total      24440800                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data       215470                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       215470                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          401                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          401                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data       215871                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total       215871                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data       215871                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total       215871                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  24493724409                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  24493724409                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     40081142                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     40081142                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  24533805551                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  24533805551                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  24533805551                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  24533805551                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     20709094                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     20709094                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      3947577                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3947577                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         9316                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         9316                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         9261                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         9261                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     24656671                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total     24656671                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     24656671                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total     24656671                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.010405                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010405                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000102                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000102                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008755                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008755                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008755                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008755                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 113675.798993                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 113675.798993                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 99952.972569                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 99952.972569                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 113650.307596                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 113650.307596                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 113650.307596                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 113650.307596                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7583                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total            7583                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       153126                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       153126                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          318                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          318                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       153444                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       153444                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       153444                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       153444                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        62344                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        62344                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data           83                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           83                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        62427                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        62427                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        62427                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        62427                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   6462462932                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6462462932                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      6321652                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6321652                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   6468784584                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6468784584                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   6468784584                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6468784584                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.003010                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003010                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002532                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002532                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002532                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002532                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 103658.137624                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103658.137624                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 76164.481928                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76164.481928                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 103621.583353                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103621.583353                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 103621.583353                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103621.583353                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
