
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.009441                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  9440544732                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               522049747620                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 406400                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   512020                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                 243561                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67602044                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 38760.51                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 15752283421                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   19846162048                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data       424832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data       424448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data       225024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data       415488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data       422144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data       175104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data       171520                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data       179200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data       227840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data       142592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         3840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data       245248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data       429184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data       169344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data       168704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data       335616                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data       232960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total              4462848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         3840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           73600                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      1344000                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           1344000                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data         3319                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data         3316                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data         1758                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data         3246                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data         3298                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data         1368                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data         1340                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data         1400                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data         1780                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data         1114                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           30                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data         1916                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data         3353                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data         1323                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data         1318                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data         2622                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           33                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data         1820                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 34866                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           10500                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                10500                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst       474549                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     45000793                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst       488107                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     44960117                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst       488107                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     23835913                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst       488107                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     44011020                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst       488107                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     44716064                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst       528783                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     18548082                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst       515225                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     18168443                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst       528783                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     18981956                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst       460990                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     24134201                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst       474549                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     15104213                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst       406756                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     25978162                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst       488107                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     45461783                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst       501666                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     17937948                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst       528783                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     17870155                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst       488107                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     35550491                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst       447432                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     24676542                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               472732043                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst       474549                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst       488107                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst       488107                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst       488107                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst       488107                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst       528783                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst       515225                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst       528783                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst       460990                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst       474549                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst       406756                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst       488107                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst       501666                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst       528783                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst       488107                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst       447432                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            7796160                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         142364666                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              142364666                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         142364666                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst       474549                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     45000793                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst       488107                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     44960117                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst       488107                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     23835913                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst       488107                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     44011020                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst       488107                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     44716064                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst       528783                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     18548082                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst       515225                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     18168443                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst       528783                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     18981956                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst       460990                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     24134201                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst       474549                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     15104213                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst       406756                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     25978162                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst       488107                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     45461783                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst       501666                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     17937948                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst       528783                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     17870155                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst       488107                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     35550491                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst       447432                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     24676542                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              615096709                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles               22639197                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups        1759734                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1587777                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        94439                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       654625                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits         627725                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS          96835                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4144                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18639175                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts             11066107                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches           1759734                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches       724560                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles             2187442                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles        297265                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles       442945                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines         1072065                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes        94734                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples     21470062                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.604711                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.932948                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0       19282620     89.81%     89.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1          77676      0.36%     90.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2         159935      0.74%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3          66576      0.31%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4         363619      1.69%     92.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5         322960      1.50%     94.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6          62611      0.29%     94.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7         131551      0.61%     95.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8        1002514      4.67%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total     21470062                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.077730                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.488803                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles       18530584                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles       552963                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles         2179121                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles         7126                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles       200262                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved       154361                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          240                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts     12974763                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         1466                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles       200262                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles       18550581                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles        394927                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles        97117                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles         2167718                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles        59451                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts     12966791                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents           10                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents        24800                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents        21704                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.FullRegisterEvents          553                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands     15231709                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups     61068098                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups     61068098                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps     13472728                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps        1758972                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts         1509                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts          765                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts          151502                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads      3055263                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores      1544485                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads        14002                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores        74569                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded         12940073                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1513                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued        12429094                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         6699                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1020746                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2453806                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           15                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     21470062                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578903                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.376388                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17053423     79.43%     79.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1323795      6.17%     85.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1085371      5.06%     90.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       467923      2.18%     92.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       595057      2.77%     95.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       575044      2.68%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       327267      1.52%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        25718      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        16464      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     21470062                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         31550     11.14%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead       244605     86.33%     97.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         7174      2.53%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      7801904     62.77%     62.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       108407      0.87%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          744      0.01%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2977426     23.96%     87.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1540613     12.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total     12429094                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.549008                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt            283329                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022796                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     46618278                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     13962669                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12320846                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses     12712423                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        22150                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       120920                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           61                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          339                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10170                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1104                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles       200262                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles        362161                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles        16682                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12941595                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          169                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3055263                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1544485                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          765                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents        11294                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            8                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          339                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        54285                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        56303                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts       110588                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12340605                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2967152                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        88489                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                   9                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs            4507598                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches        1616207                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores          1540446                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.545099                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent             12321321                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count            12320846                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers         6654938                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers        13122649                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.544226                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.507134                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10000000                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps     11751448                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1191425                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1498                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts        96274                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     21269800                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.552495                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.376163                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17008458     79.97%     79.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1554993      7.31%     87.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       730287      3.43%     90.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       720802      3.39%     94.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       195714      0.92%     95.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       838085      3.94%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        62944      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        45606      0.21%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       112911      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     21269800                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts     10000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps     11751448                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs              4468658                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads             2934343                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars               748                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches          1551995                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts        10449669                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls       113801                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events       112911                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads           34099736                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes          26086043                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                410281                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles               1169135                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts          10000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps            11751448                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total     10000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.263920                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.263920                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.441712                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.441712                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads       61000427                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes      14314178                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads      15440846                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes         1496                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles               22639197                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups        1758732                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1586715                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        94495                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       663497                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits         627758                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS          96972                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4175                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18638221                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts             11057835                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches           1758732                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches       724730                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles             2186446                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles        296238                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles       445953                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines         1072033                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes        94808                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples     21470000                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.604323                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.932300                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0       19283554     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1          77701      0.36%     90.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2         160492      0.75%     90.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3          66600      0.31%     91.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4         362276      1.69%     92.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5         323342      1.51%     94.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6          63276      0.29%     94.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7         131217      0.61%     95.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8        1001542      4.66%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total     21470000                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.077685                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.488438                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles       18529971                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles       555656                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles         2178052                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles         7177                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles       199138                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved       154402                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          242                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts     12966127                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         1479                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles       199138                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles       18549987                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles        395242                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles        99377                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles         2166644                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles        59606                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts     12958073                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents           13                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents        24957                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents        21713                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.FullRegisterEvents          552                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands     15223154                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups     61027140                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups     61027140                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps     13470649                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps        1752473                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts         1522                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts          777                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts          151792                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads      3055803                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores      1544441                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads        13908                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores        74694                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded         12930623                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1525                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued        12426661                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         6822                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1012001                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2418580                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           27                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     21470000                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578792                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.376107                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17052760     79.43%     79.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1325057      6.17%     85.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1085436      5.06%     90.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       468162      2.18%     92.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       594286      2.77%     95.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       575123      2.68%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       327086      1.52%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        25749      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        16341      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     21470000                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         31399     11.08%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead       244729     86.39%     97.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         7161      2.53%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      7798817     62.76%     62.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       108230      0.87%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          744      0.01%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2978248     23.97%     87.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1540622     12.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total     12426661                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.548900                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt            283289                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022797                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     46613427                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     13944498                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12318425                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses     12709950                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        22309                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       121609                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           58                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          351                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10206                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1103                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles       199138                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles        361992                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles        16650                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12932161                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          189                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3055803                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1544441                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          777                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents        11278                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           14                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          351                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        54538                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        55921                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts       110459                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12338299                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2967985                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        88356                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                  13                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs            4508419                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches        1616296                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores          1540434                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.544997                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent             12318902                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count            12318425                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers         6655073                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers        13116308                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.544119                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.507389                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9998801                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps     11749954                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1183470                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1498                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts        96355                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     21270862                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.552397                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.376027                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17009441     79.97%     79.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1555738      7.31%     87.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       730060      3.43%     90.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       720591      3.39%     94.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       195651      0.92%     95.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       838046      3.94%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        62747      0.29%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        45697      0.21%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       112891      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     21270862                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts      9998801                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps     11749954                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs              4468426                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads             2934191                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars               748                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches          1551765                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts        10448345                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls       113776                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events       112891                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads           34091369                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes          26066043                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                410454                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles               1169197                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts           9998801                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps            11749954                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total      9998801                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.264191                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.264191                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.441659                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.441659                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads       60992413                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes      14311289                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads      15433325                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes         1496                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles               22639197                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups        1838257                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1507261                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       182880                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       773150                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits         717801                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS         188083                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8099                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles     17585385                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts             10452235                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches           1838257                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches       905884                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles             2299426                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles        518178                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles       590946                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines         1085292                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes       181362                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples     20808119                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614418                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.964970                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0       18508693     88.95%     88.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1         248810      1.20%     90.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2         287830      1.38%     91.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3         158131      0.76%     92.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4         183488      0.88%     93.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5         101035      0.49%     93.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6          68339      0.33%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7         177486      0.85%     94.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8        1074307      5.16%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total     20808119                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.081198                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.461688                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles       17443349                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles       736124                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles         2281017                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles        17175                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles       330451                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved       298143                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred         1911                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts     12760410                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts        10112                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles       330451                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles       17470278                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles        223603                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles       436799                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles         2272214                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles        74771                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts     12751729                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents           23                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents        18641                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents        35464                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands     17718857                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups     59376199                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups     59376199                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps     15113659                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps        2605191                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts         3441                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1967                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts          204141                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads      1221970                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores       663268                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads        17199                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores       146854                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded         12730740                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3452                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued        12026249                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        16908                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1602016                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3707205                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          482                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     20808119                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577959                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.267524                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     15739887     75.64%     75.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2038125      9.79%     85.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1095927      5.27%     90.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       759709      3.65%     94.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       661696      3.18%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       338703      1.63%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        81417      0.39%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        52898      0.25%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        39757      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     20808119                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3006     11.37%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead        11686     44.20%     55.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11748     44.43%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10065672     83.70%     83.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       188025      1.56%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1471      0.01%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1113030      9.26%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       658051      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total     12026249                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.531214                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt             26440                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002199                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     44903963                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14336337                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11824915                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses     12052689                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        30066                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       220401                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           71                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          130                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        15163                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          737                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles       330451                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles        181131                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11948                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12734214                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         3652                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1221970                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       663268                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1969                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents         8512                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          130                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       105857                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       102797                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts       208654                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11848038                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1045505                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       178209                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                  22                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs            1703368                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches        1657678                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores           657863                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.523342                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent             11825203                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count            11824915                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers         7029448                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers        18412652                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.522320                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.381773                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8876202                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps     10889064                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1845270                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         2970                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts       183822                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     20477668                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.531753                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.350522                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     16028817     78.27%     78.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2063190     10.08%     88.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       865389      4.23%     92.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       518866      2.53%     95.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       359271      1.75%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       232243      1.13%     98.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       120867      0.59%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        97203      0.47%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       191822      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     20477668                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts      8876202                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps     10889064                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs              1649674                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads             1001569                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars              1482                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches          1558238                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts         9816944                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls       221437                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events       191822                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads           33020115                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes          25799137                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                271892                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles               1831078                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts           8876202                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps            10889064                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total      8876202                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.550550                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.550550                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.392072                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.392072                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads       53445346                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes      16412501                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads      11907872                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes         2966                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles               22639197                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups        1761208                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1588914                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        93905                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       653696                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits         628287                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS          96990                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4177                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18654914                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts             11076402                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches           1761208                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches       725277                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles             2189845                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles        295535                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles       445607                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines         1072435                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes        94156                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples     21489657                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.604718                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.932969                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0       19299812     89.81%     89.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1          77986      0.36%     90.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2         160591      0.75%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3          67024      0.31%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4         362909      1.69%     92.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5         323518      1.51%     94.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6          62876      0.29%     94.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7         131073      0.61%     95.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8        1003868      4.67%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total     21489657                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.077795                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.489258                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles       18546976                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles       554964                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles         2181536                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles         7126                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles       199049                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved       154658                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          242                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts     12986788                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         1481                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles       199049                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles       18566845                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles        397370                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles        96880                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles         2170219                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles        59288                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts     12978895                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents            6                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents        24810                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents        21575                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.FullRegisterEvents          567                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands     15242575                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups     61125662                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups     61125662                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps     13492583                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps        1749980                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts         1510                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts          766                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts          150492                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads      3061024                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores      1547494                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads        14124                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores        74384                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded         12951968                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1514                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued        12445770                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         6959                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1014879                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2432379                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           16                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     21489657                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579152                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.376724                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17068682     79.43%     79.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1323438      6.16%     85.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1086965      5.06%     90.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       468661      2.18%     92.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       595461      2.77%     95.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       576494      2.68%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       327902      1.53%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        25739      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        16315      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     21489657                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         31549     11.10%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead       245360     86.36%     97.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         7194      2.53%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      7808881     62.74%     62.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       108575      0.87%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          744      0.01%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2984030     23.98%     87.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1543540     12.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total     12445770                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.549744                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt            284103                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022827                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     46672259                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     13968706                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12337789                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses     12729873                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        22462                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       120853                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           57                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          347                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10223                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1100                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles       199049                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles        364099                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles        16576                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12953494                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          134                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3061024                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1547494                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          766                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents        11228                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           10                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          347                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        54079                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        55949                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts       110028                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12357816                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2973812                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        87954                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                  12                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs            4517176                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches        1618879                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores          1543364                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.545859                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent             12338254                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count            12337789                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers         6664213                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers        13130952                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.544975                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.507519                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10016249                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps     11770276                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1184388                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1498                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts        95746                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     21290608                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.552839                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.376530                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17022874     79.95%     79.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1557069      7.31%     87.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       731082      3.43%     90.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       722243      3.39%     94.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       195584      0.92%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       840170      3.95%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        62983      0.30%     99.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        45594      0.21%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       113009      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     21290608                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts     10016249                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps     11770276                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs              4477435                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads             2940164                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars               748                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches          1554413                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts        10466335                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls       113918                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events       113009                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads           34132237                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes          26108421                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                410638                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles               1149540                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts          10016249                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps            11770276                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total     10016249                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.260247                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.260247                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.442430                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.442430                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads       61090652                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes      14330427                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads      15460329                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes         1496                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles               22639197                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups        1760259                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1587895                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        94313                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       684490                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits         627829                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS          97040                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4163                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18651503                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts             11069899                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches           1760259                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches       724869                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles             2188066                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles        296436                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles       444414                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines         1072607                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes        94610                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples     21483778                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.604533                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.932779                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0       19295712     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1          77964      0.36%     90.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2         159909      0.74%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3          66629      0.31%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4         362858      1.69%     92.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5         323247      1.50%     94.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6          62845      0.29%     94.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7         131657      0.61%     95.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8        1002957      4.67%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total     21483778                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.077753                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.488970                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles       18542674                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles       554673                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles         2179774                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles         7095                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles       199556                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved       154715                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          239                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts     12979239                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         1466                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles       199556                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles       18562627                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles        396468                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles        97438                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles         2168334                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles        59349                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts     12971277                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents            6                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents        24824                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents        21797                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.FullRegisterEvents          455                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands     15236958                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups     61089658                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups     61089658                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps     13485116                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps        1751830                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts         1552                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts          808                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts          151413                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads      3057335                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores      1546114                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads        14071                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores        75055                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded         12944421                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1557                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued        12437955                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         6833                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1014792                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2433747                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           58                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     21483778                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578946                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.376285                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17064425     79.43%     79.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1323147      6.16%     85.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1086600      5.06%     90.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       469307      2.18%     92.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       595351      2.77%     95.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       575620      2.68%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       327400      1.52%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        25641      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        16287      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     21483778                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         31365     11.06%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead       244948     86.41%     97.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         7165      2.53%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      7805972     62.76%     62.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       108531      0.87%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          744      0.01%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2980480     23.96%     87.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1542228     12.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total     12437955                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.549399                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt            283478                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022791                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     46649999                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     13961115                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12329701                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses     12721433                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        22514                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       120413                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           64                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          347                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10467                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1101                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles       199556                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles        363484                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles        16536                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12945990                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          133                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3057335                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1546114                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          808                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents        11232                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           10                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          347                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        54292                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        56057                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts       110349                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12349732                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2970385                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        88223                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                  12                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs            4512440                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches        1617877                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores          1542055                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.545502                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent             12330157                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count            12329701                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers         6659685                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers        13124753                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.544617                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.507414                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10009104                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps     11762156                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1184917                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1499                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts        96149                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     21284222                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.552623                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.376330                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17019005     79.96%     79.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1556629      7.31%     87.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       730632      3.43%     90.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       721526      3.39%     94.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       195956      0.92%     95.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       838871      3.94%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        62814      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        45690      0.21%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       113099      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     21284222                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts     10009104                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps     11762156                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs              4472562                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads             2936915                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars               748                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches          1553439                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts        10459189                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls       113918                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events       113099                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads           34118170                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes          26093752                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                410574                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles               1155419                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts          10009104                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps            11762156                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total     10009104                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.261861                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.261861                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.442114                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.442114                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads       61045719                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes      14323612                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads      15449096                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes         1498                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles               22639189                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups        1865726                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1527148                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       184554                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       763980                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits         732317                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS         191857                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8385                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles     17951555                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts             10432775                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches           1865726                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches       924174                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles             2176370                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles        505620                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles       425321                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines         1100624                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes       184554                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples     20871934                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.613942                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.956925                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0       18695564     89.57%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1         101060      0.48%     90.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2         160790      0.77%     90.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3         217494      1.04%     91.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4         224534      1.08%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5         189464      0.91%     93.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6         106170      0.51%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7         158295      0.76%     95.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8        1018563      4.88%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total     20871934                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.082411                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.460828                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles       17769387                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles       609375                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles         2172172                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles         2536                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles       318461                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved       306372                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          230                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts     12801914                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         1353                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles       318461                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles       17818068                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles        128678                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles       369280                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles         2126650                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles       110794                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts     12796966                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents           16                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents        15062                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents        48284                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands     17854842                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups     59529063                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups     59529063                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps     15433248                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps        2421594                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts         3155                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1636                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts          333182                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads      1199913                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores       647736                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads         7672                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores       214642                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded         12781153                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3165                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued        12121352                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1818                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1445201                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3469895                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          107                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     20871934                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580749                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.268258                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     15698012     75.21%     75.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2162824     10.36%     85.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1084671      5.20%     90.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       789690      3.78%     94.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       624952      2.99%     97.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       256238      1.23%     98.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       160744      0.77%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        83770      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        11033      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     20871934                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2573     12.57%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7845     38.32%     50.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        10052     49.11%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10195513     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       181028      1.49%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1517      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1097869      9.06%     94.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       645425      5.32%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total     12121352                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.535415                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt             20470                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001689                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     45136926                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14229577                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11936624                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses     12141822                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        24797                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       197367                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           62                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9977                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles       318461                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles        103184                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11310                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12784342                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          816                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1199913                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       647736                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1638                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9619                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           62                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       106800                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       104343                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts       211143                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11951958                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1032568                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       169394                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                  24                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs            1677934                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches        1697316                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores           645366                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.527932                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent             11936754                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count            11936624                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers         6854059                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers        18476793                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.527255                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.370955                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8996546                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps     11069971                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1714382                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3058                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts       186663                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     20553473                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.538594                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.379753                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     15972939     77.71%     77.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2290246     11.14%     88.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       847161      4.12%     92.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       403670      1.96%     94.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       364910      1.78%     96.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       196437      0.96%     97.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       157229      0.76%     98.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        77854      0.38%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       243027      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     20553473                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts      8996546                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps     11069971                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs              1640305                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads             1002546                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars              1526                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches          1596314                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts         9973862                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls       227925                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events       243027                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads           33094734                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes          25887185                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                274612                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles               1767255                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts           8996546                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps            11069971                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total      8996546                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.516431                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.516431                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.397388                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.397388                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads       53785185                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes      16629922                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads      11863710                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes         3054                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles               22639197                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups        1867598                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1528538                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       183879                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       764575                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits         733054                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS         191848                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8298                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles     17956097                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts             10443644                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches           1867598                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches       924902                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles             2178592                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles        503911                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles       425601                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines         1100242                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes       183927                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples     20877942                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614402                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.957526                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0       18699350     89.57%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1         100902      0.48%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2         161165      0.77%     90.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3         217550      1.04%     91.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4         224490      1.08%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5         190362      0.91%     93.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6         106569      0.51%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7         158052      0.76%     95.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8        1019502      4.88%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total     20877942                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.082494                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.461308                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles       17773391                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles       610101                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles         2174453                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles         2568                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles       317426                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved       306854                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          229                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts     12815729                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         1345                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles       317426                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles       17822341                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles        128229                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles       369926                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles         2128738                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles       111279                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts     12810744                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents           18                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents        14940                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents        48644                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands     17873462                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups     59594064                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups     59594064                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps     15453783                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps        2419679                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts         3152                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1629                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts          334003                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads      1200891                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores       648502                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads         7623                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores       296768                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded         12794650                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3162                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued        12132075                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1824                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1445025                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3479535                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           99                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     20877942                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581095                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.263621                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     15634866     74.89%     74.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2243004     10.74%     85.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1109114      5.31%     90.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       766297      3.67%     94.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       612565      2.93%     97.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       256836      1.23%     98.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       160164      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        84240      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        10856      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     20877942                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2534     12.42%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7823     38.34%     50.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        10045     49.24%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10204485     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       181256      1.49%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1519      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1098583      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       646232      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total     12132075                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.535888                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt             20402                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001682                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     45164318                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14242897                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11949442                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses     12152477                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        24879                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       197018                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            8                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           64                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9903                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles       317426                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles        102793                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11400                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12797840                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          484                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1200891                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       648502                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1632                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9644                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           64                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       106309                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       104158                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts       210467                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11964662                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1033651                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       167413                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                  28                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs            1679826                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches        1699107                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores           646175                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.528493                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent             11949561                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count            11949442                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers         6860425                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers        18493232                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.527821                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.370969                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9008508                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps     11084677                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1713177                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3063                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts       185990                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     20560516                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.539124                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.369777                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     15920924     77.43%     77.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2344820     11.40%     88.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       842922      4.10%     92.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       404467      1.97%     94.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       398406      1.94%     96.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       198065      0.96%     97.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       135904      0.66%     98.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        78825      0.38%     98.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       236183      1.15%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     20560516                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts      9008508                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps     11084677                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs              1642472                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads             1003873                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars              1528                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches          1598441                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts         9987103                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls       228226                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events       236183                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads           33122122                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes          25913150                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                274006                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles               1761255                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts           9008508                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps            11084677                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total      9008508                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.513091                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.513091                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.397916                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.397916                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads       53843735                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes      16646967                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads      11876280                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes         3060                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles               22639197                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups        1866938                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1527440                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       183515                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       766951                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits         733088                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS         192397                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8310                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles     17954298                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts             10438777                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches           1866938                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches       925485                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles             2177132                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles        502414                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles       425971                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines         1099762                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes       183629                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples     20873925                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614086                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.956931                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0       18696793     89.57%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1         100689      0.48%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2         160899      0.77%     90.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3         217451      1.04%     91.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4         224281      1.07%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5         190581      0.91%     93.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6         106808      0.51%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7         158707      0.76%     95.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8        1017716      4.88%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total     20873925                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.082465                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.461093                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles       17771446                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles       610625                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles         2173036                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles         2518                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles       316297                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved       307270                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          230                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts     12806698                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         1342                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles       316297                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles       17820297                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles        128746                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles       369992                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles         2127416                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles       111174                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts     12801991                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents           20                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents        15091                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents        48523                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands     17863624                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups     59551963                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups     59551963                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps     15459577                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps        2404038                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts         3126                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1603                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts          333645                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads      1198234                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores       648614                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads         7701                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores       214872                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded         12786292                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3136                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued        12132023                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1851                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1431331                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3437237                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           70                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     20873925                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581205                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.268623                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     15694651     75.19%     75.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2165848     10.38%     85.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1085662      5.20%     90.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       790417      3.79%     94.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       625063      2.99%     97.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       256500      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       160591      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        84242      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        10951      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     20873925                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2565     12.72%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7533     37.35%     50.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        10070     49.93%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10203629     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       181278      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1520      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1099123      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       646473      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total     12132023                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.535886                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt             20168                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001662                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     45159987                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14220818                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11949744                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses     12152191                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        24660                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       193990                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           13                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           63                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9770                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles       316297                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles        103190                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11372                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12789448                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          637                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1198234                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       648614                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1605                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9669                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           63                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       106172                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       103919                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts       210091                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11965032                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1034342                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       166988                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                  20                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs            1680757                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches        1699559                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores           646415                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.528510                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent             11949864                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count            11949744                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers         6860202                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers        18485448                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.527834                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.371114                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9011915                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps     11088819                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1700629                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3066                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts       185625                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     20557628                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.539402                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.380685                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     15969880     77.68%     77.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2293520     11.16%     88.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       847713      4.12%     92.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       405821      1.97%     94.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       364906      1.78%     96.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       197257      0.96%     97.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       156848      0.76%     98.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        78051      0.38%     98.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       243632      1.19%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     20557628                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts      9011915                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps     11088819                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs              1643087                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads             1004244                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars              1530                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches          1598989                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts         9990888                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls       228315                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events       243632                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads           33103379                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes          25895219                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                273658                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles               1765272                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts           9011915                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps            11088819                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total      9011915                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.512141                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.512141                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.398067                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.398067                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads       53849262                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes      16647910                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads      11872209                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes         3062                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles               22639197                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups        1837557                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1506252                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       182025                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       778231                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits         718220                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS         188265                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8162                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles     17585888                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts             10450165                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches           1837557                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches       906485                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles             2298877                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles        514544                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles       580482                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines         1084552                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes       180582                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples     20794862                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614623                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.965169                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0       18495985     88.94%     88.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1         248628      1.20%     90.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2         287561      1.38%     91.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3         158576      0.76%     92.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4         183686      0.88%     93.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5         100539      0.48%     93.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6          68464      0.33%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7         178087      0.86%     94.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8        1073336      5.16%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total     20794862                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.081167                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.461596                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles       17444481                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles       724947                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles         2280733                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles        16986                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles       327712                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved       298546                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred         1904                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts     12757109                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         9968                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles       327712                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles       17471041                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles        229362                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles       420080                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles         2272175                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles        74489                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts     12748823                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents           19                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents        18704                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents        35294                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands     17717505                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups     59363849                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups     59363849                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps     15135250                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps        2582255                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts         3310                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1834                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts          202828                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads      1219564                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores       664038                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads        17750                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores       146768                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded         12729200                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3313                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued        12033393                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        16638                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1584158                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3662022                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          340                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     20794862                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578671                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.268040                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     15723185     75.61%     75.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2039909      9.81%     85.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1095929      5.27%     90.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       760879      3.66%     94.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       662150      3.18%     97.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       338747      1.63%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        81550      0.39%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        52750      0.25%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        39763      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     20794862                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2990     11.50%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead        11279     43.37%     54.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11736     45.13%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10071483     83.70%     83.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       188097      1.56%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1473      0.01%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1113407      9.25%     94.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       658933      5.48%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total     12033393                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.531529                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt             26005                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002161                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     44904291                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14316801                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11833755                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses     12059398                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        30400                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       216545                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           77                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          131                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        14990                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          737                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles       327712                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles        185710                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12194                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12732531                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1829                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1219564                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       664038                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1829                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents         8803                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          131                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       105613                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       101713                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts       207326                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11856112                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1046047                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       177281                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                  18                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs            1704762                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches        1658802                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores           658715                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.523698                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent             11834035                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count            11833755                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers         7033204                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers        18419743                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.522711                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.381830                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8888927                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps     10904668                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1828009                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         2973                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts       182941                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     20467150                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.532789                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.351621                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     16012507     78.24%     78.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2064975     10.09%     88.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       866881      4.24%     92.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       519920      2.54%     95.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       359823      1.76%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       232942      1.14%     98.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       120776      0.59%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        97095      0.47%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       192231      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     20467150                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts      8888927                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps     10904668                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs              1652067                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads             1003019                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars              1484                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches          1560473                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts         9831004                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls       221750                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events       192231                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads           33007531                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes          25793083                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                271056                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles               1844335                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts           8888927                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps            10904668                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total      8888927                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.546899                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.546899                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.392634                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.392634                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads       53484637                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes      16424412                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads      11907628                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes         2968                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles               22639197                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups        2049503                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1706525                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       188009                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       777520                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits         746678                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS         220023                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8730                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles     17826241                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts             11243705                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches           2049503                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches       966701                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles             2341811                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles        524802                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles       605131                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines         1108489                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes       179670                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples     21108265                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.654644                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.030272                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0       18766454     88.91%     88.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1         142903      0.68%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2         180631      0.86%     90.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3         287920      1.36%     91.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4         121055      0.57%     92.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5         154325      0.73%     93.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6         181043      0.86%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7          83101      0.39%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8        1190833      5.64%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total     21108265                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.090529                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.496648                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles       17720642                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles       721085                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles         2330532                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles         1197                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles       334801                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved       311610                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          281                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts     13741686                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         1623                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles       334801                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles       17739133                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles         58134                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles       612357                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles         2313218                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles        50615                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts     13656553                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents           24                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents         7386                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents        35064                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands     19074393                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups     63502560                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups     63502560                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps     15925154                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps        3149234                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts         3309                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1730                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts          178094                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads      1279592                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores       668167                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads         7542                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores       152324                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded         13332392                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3322                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued        12778795                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        13779                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1639655                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3352253                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          135                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     21108265                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.605393                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326420                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     15693169     74.35%     74.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2471033     11.71%     86.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1008392      4.78%     90.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       566388      2.68%     93.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       765784      3.63%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       236698      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       232415      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       124390      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         9996      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     21108265                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         88747     79.14%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead        11964     10.67%     89.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11422     10.19%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10765321     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       174392      1.36%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1579      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1171764      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       665739      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total     12778795                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.564454                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt            112133                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008775                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     46791764                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14975446                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12444414                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses     12890928                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         9487                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       244500                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            3                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           78                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10298                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles       334801                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles         44350                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles         5637                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13335718                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        10202                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1279592                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       668167                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1730                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4869                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            4                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           78                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       110720                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       106360                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts       217080                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12555591                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1152415                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       223201                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs            1818017                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches        1774881                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores           665602                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.554595                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent             12444527                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count            12444414                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers         7454379                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers        20027926                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.549684                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.372199                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9265181                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps     11416893                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1918863                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3187                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts       189387                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     20773464                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.549590                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.369544                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     15939327     76.73%     76.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2450130     11.79%     88.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       890432      4.29%     92.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       443048      2.13%     94.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       404889      1.95%     96.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       170257      0.82%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       168543      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        80048      0.39%     98.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       226790      1.09%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     20773464                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts      9265181                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps     11416893                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs              1692960                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads             1035092                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars              1590                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches          1654694                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts        10279114                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls       235793                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events       226790                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads           33882365                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes          27006330                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                272569                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles               1530932                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts           9265181                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps            11416893                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total      9265181                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.443471                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.443471                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.409254                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.409254                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads       56493825                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes      17390502                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads      12708723                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes         3184                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles               22639197                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups        1705136                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1530600                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       136521                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1164761                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1137727                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS          97441                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4022                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18167612                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts              9701829                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches           1705136                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches      1235168                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles             2164696                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles        452580                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles       273255                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines         1099619                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes       133684                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples     20920894                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.516922                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.752852                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0       18756198     89.65%     89.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1         338674      1.62%     91.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2         160754      0.77%     92.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3         333931      1.60%     93.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4          98821      0.47%     94.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5         311912      1.49%     95.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6          46338      0.22%     95.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7          74515      0.36%     96.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8         799751      3.82%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total     20920894                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.075318                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.428541                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles       17895689                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles       549558                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles         2160301                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles         1735                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles       313607                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved       153526                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred         1725                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts     10794802                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         4226                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles       313607                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles       17926120                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles        348541                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles       110787                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles         2133026                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles        88809                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts     10777320                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents           19                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents         8151                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents        74272                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands     14062013                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups     48748363                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups     48748363                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps     11344298                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps        2717710                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts         1375                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts          697                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts          180752                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads      2000842                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores       300580                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2619                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores        66336                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded         10720656                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1380                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued        10020733                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         6552                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1980095                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4067007                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           10                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     20920894                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.478982                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.087871                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     16516981     78.95%     78.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1368510      6.54%     85.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1500965      7.17%     92.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       863610      4.13%     96.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       432162      2.07%     98.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       108980      0.52%     99.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       124293      0.59%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2987      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2406      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     20920894                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         16112     56.76%     56.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     56.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     56.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     56.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     56.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     56.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     56.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     56.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     56.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     56.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     56.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     56.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     56.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     56.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     56.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     56.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     56.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     56.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     56.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     56.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     56.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     56.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     56.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     56.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     56.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     56.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     56.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead         6832     24.07%     80.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         5440     19.17%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      7822762     78.07%     78.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        74822      0.75%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          679      0.01%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1824777     18.21%     97.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       297693      2.97%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total     10020733                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.442628                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt             28384                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002833                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     40997296                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     12702162                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      9764273                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses     10049117                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         7696                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       414025                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           17                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           34                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         7638                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles       313607                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles        223236                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles        10876                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     10722043                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          449                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2000842                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       300580                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          696                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents         3627                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          260                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           34                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        92236                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        52059                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts       144295                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts      9896842                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1798954                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       123891                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs            2096614                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches        1509336                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores           297660                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.437155                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent              9766812                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count             9764273                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers         5921327                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers        12670052                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.431299                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.467348                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts      7795529                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps      8727269                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1995268                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1370                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts       135501                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     20607287                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.423504                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.296243                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17383701     84.36%     84.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1248350      6.06%     90.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       820650      3.98%     94.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       254187      1.23%     95.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       434451      2.11%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        80458      0.39%     98.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        51509      0.25%     98.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        45938      0.22%     98.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       288043      1.40%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     20607287                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts      7795529                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps      8727269                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs              1879756                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads             1586814                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars               684                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches          1343844                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts         7611506                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls       104291                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events       288043                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads           31041755                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes          21758950                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                409376                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles               1718303                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts           7795529                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps             8727269                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total      7795529                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.904126                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.904126                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.344338                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.344338                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads       46087604                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes      12671014                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads      11550419                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes         1368                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles               22639197                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups        1760842                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1588728                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        93632                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       653567                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits         627602                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS          96838                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4163                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18642936                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts             11070372                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches           1760842                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches       724440                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles             2188172                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles        294505                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles       447705                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines         1071468                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes        93926                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples     21477361                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.604694                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.932999                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0       19289189     89.81%     89.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1          77713      0.36%     90.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2         160525      0.75%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3          66398      0.31%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4         363270      1.69%     92.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5         323608      1.51%     94.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6          61898      0.29%     94.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7         131316      0.61%     95.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8        1003444      4.67%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total     21477361                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.077778                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.488991                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles       18534800                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles       557270                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles         2179798                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles         7178                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles       198309                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved       154507                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          240                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts     12978670                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         1471                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles       198309                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles       18554620                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles        400182                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles        96518                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles         2168666                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles        59060                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts     12970882                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents            7                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents        24910                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents        21591                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.FullRegisterEvents          399                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands     15233522                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups     61087112                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups     61087112                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps     13491272                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps        1742231                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts         1509                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts          765                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts          149719                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads      3059186                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores      1546687                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads        14136                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores        74700                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded         12943855                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1513                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued        12437977                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         6550                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1009978                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2425562                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           15                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     21477361                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579120                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.376669                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17059544     79.43%     79.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1321479      6.15%     85.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1087096      5.06%     90.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       468464      2.18%     92.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       594998      2.77%     95.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       575843      2.68%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       328070      1.53%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        25649      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        16218      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     21477361                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         31610     11.13%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead       245205     86.34%     97.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         7186      2.53%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      7803721     62.74%     62.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       108463      0.87%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          744      0.01%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2982144     23.98%     87.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1542905     12.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total     12437977                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.549400                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt            284001                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022833                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     46643866                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     13955690                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12330749                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses     12721978                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        22568                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       119585                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           59                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          346                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9701                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1101                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles       198309                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles        367462                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles        16598                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12945381                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          182                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3059186                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1546687                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          765                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents        11186                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           13                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          346                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        53632                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        56085                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts       109717                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12350396                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2972431                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        87581                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                  13                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs            4515193                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches        1618299                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores          1542762                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.545532                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent             12331239                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count            12330749                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers         6660095                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers        13122297                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.544664                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.507540                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10014995                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps     11768851                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1177778                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1498                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts        95462                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     21279052                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553072                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.376845                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17012771     79.95%     79.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1556013      7.31%     87.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       730427      3.43%     90.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       722098      3.39%     94.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       196032      0.92%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       840166      3.95%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        63014      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        45600      0.21%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       112931      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     21279052                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts     10014995                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps     11768851                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs              4476580                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads             2939594                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars               748                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches          1554242                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts        10465081                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls       113918                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events       112931                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads           34112724                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes          26091609                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                410068                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles               1161836                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts          10014995                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps            11768851                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total     10014995                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.260530                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.260530                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.442374                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.442374                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads       61056055                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes      14322288                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads      15452738                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes         1496                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles               22639197                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups        1867391                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1528252                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       184198                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       765162                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits         733070                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS         191911                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8347                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles     17957589                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts             10441314                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches           1867391                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches       924981                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles             2177874                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles        504741                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles       424036                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines         1100650                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes       184296                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples     20877664                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614310                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.957422                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0       18699790     89.57%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1         100729      0.48%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2         160571      0.77%     90.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3         217487      1.04%     91.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4         225035      1.08%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5         190285      0.91%     93.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6         106184      0.51%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7         158300      0.76%     95.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8        1019283      4.88%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total     20877664                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.082485                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.461205                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles       17774791                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles       608647                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles         2173706                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles         2579                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles       317938                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved       306980                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          229                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts     12813602                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         1342                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles       317938                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles       17823686                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles        127771                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles       368989                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles         2128103                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles       111174                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts     12808758                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents           26                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents        14990                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents        48546                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands     17870487                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups     59584978                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups     59584978                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps     15447832                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps        2422637                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts         3118                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1597                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts          333200                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads      1201202                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores       648291                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads         7599                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores       214830                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded         12792612                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3129                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued        12130662                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1790                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1446050                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3480562                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           67                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     20877664                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581035                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.268450                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     15699738     75.20%     75.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2164384     10.37%     85.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1085697      5.20%     90.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       789747      3.78%     94.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       626101      3.00%     97.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       256677      1.23%     98.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       160229      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        84248      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        10843      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     20877664                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2510     12.28%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7866     38.50%     50.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        10056     49.22%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10203192     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       181173      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1518      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1098701      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       646078      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total     12130662                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.535826                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt             20432                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001684                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     45161208                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14241850                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11946795                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses     12151094                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        24399                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       197730                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            5                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           61                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9952                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles       317938                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles        102301                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11330                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12795767                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          638                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1201202                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       648291                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1600                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9603                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           61                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       106429                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       104543                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts       210972                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11961945                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1033129                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       168715                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                  26                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs            1679151                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches        1699075                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores           646022                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.528373                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent             11946920                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count            11946795                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers         6859716                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers        18492164                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.527704                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.370953                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9005037                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps     11080352                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1715417                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3062                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts       186307                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     20559726                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.538935                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.380224                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     15975396     77.70%     77.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2292188     11.15%     88.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       847264      4.12%     92.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       404445      1.97%     94.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       365282      1.78%     96.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       196461      0.96%     97.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       157280      0.76%     98.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        78092      0.38%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       243318      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     20559726                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts      9005037                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps     11080352                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs              1641809                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads             1003470                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars              1528                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches          1597783                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts         9983218                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls       228129                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events       243318                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads           33112112                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes          25909503                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                274583                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles               1761533                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts           9005037                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps            11080352                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total      9005037                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.514059                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.514059                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.397763                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.397763                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads       53830139                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes      16644113                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads      11873432                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes         3058                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles               22639197                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups        1866368                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1527720                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       184479                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       765359                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits         732929                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS         191619                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8332                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles     17962595                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts             10437323                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches           1866368                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches       924548                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles             2177668                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles        504820                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles       420611                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines         1101069                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes       184625                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples     20878839                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614000                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.956897                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0       18701171     89.57%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1         100990      0.48%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2         161126      0.77%     90.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3         218036      1.04%     91.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4         224545      1.08%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5         189740      0.91%     93.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6         105914      0.51%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7         158639      0.76%     95.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8        1018678      4.88%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total     20878839                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.082440                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.461029                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles       17779935                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles       605039                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles         2173516                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles         2606                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles       317740                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved       306511                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          228                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts     12808140                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         1342                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles       317740                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles       17828748                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles        127501                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles       365714                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles         2127921                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles       111212                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts     12803119                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents           27                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents        15184                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents        48453                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands     17865350                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups     59555627                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups     59555627                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps     15446361                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps        2418901                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts         3073                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1553                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts          333718                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads      1200095                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores       647754                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads         7660                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores       214386                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded         12786383                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3082                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued        12126064                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1789                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1440270                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3468491                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           21                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     20878839                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580782                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.268007                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     15701294     75.20%     75.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2164548     10.37%     85.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1086163      5.20%     90.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       790809      3.79%     94.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       624445      2.99%     97.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       256297      1.23%     98.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       160424      0.77%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        83918      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        10941      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     20878839                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2526     12.38%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7831     38.37%     50.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        10051     49.25%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10199724     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       181046      1.49%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1518      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1098018      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       645758      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total     12126064                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.535623                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt             20408                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001683                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     45153164                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14229790                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11942943                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses     12146472                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        24153                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       196710                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            4                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           57                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9463                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles       317740                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles        101688                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11338                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12789486                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          807                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1200095                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       647754                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1554                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9652                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           57                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       106780                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       104337                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts       211117                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11958150                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1032968                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       167914                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                  21                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs            1678669                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches        1698318                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores           645701                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.528206                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent             11943067                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count            11942943                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers         6857466                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers        18482564                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.527534                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.371024                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9004181                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps     11079299                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1710133                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3061                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts       186590                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     20561099                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.538848                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.380002                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     15976637     77.70%     77.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2292165     11.15%     88.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       847841      4.12%     92.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       404407      1.97%     94.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       364779      1.77%     96.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       196814      0.96%     97.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       157300      0.77%     98.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        78003      0.38%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       243153      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     20561099                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts      9004181                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps     11079299                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs              1641663                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads             1003379                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars              1528                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches          1597627                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts         9982277                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls       228108                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events       243153                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads           33107313                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes          25896682                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                274502                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles               1760358                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts           9004181                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps            11079299                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total      9004181                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.514298                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.514298                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.397725                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.397725                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads       53813037                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes      16640126                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads      11868937                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes         3056                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles               22639197                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups        1837954                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1503434                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       180993                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       753049                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits         722081                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS         188166                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8089                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles     17821670                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts             10432113                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches           1837954                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches       910247                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles             2185042                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles        527496                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles       316400                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines         1097526                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes       182161                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples     20665654                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616991                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.969224                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0       18480612     89.43%     89.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1         118443      0.57%     90.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2         185835      0.90%     90.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3         298095      1.44%     92.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4         123384      0.60%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5         137290      0.66%     93.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6         146820      0.71%     94.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7          96174      0.47%     94.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8        1079001      5.22%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total     20665654                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.081185                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.460799                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles       17658105                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles       481658                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles         2177830                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles         5785                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles       342273                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved       300818                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          271                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts     12739837                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         1608                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles       342273                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles       17685933                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles        150914                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles       250902                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles         2156332                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles        79297                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts     12730945                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents         2031                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents        21419                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents        30343                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.FullRegisterEvents         4142                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands     17669806                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups     59221767                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups     59221767                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps     15047030                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps        2622776                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts         3257                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1801                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts          239166                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads      1215463                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores       651786                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads        19299                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores       148676                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded         12711216                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3264                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued        12015822                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        15201                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1638505                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3664015                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          326                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     20665654                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581439                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.273797                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     15603382     75.50%     75.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2029849      9.82%     85.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1109970      5.37%     90.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       757199      3.66%     94.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       710790      3.44%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       203606      0.99%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       159881      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        53856      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        37121      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     20665654                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2868     12.48%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead         9155     39.82%     52.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        10966     47.70%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10066792     83.78%     83.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       190100      1.58%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1455      0.01%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1109683      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       647792      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total     12015822                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.530753                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt             22989                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001913                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     44735488                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14353137                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11819549                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses     12038811                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        35799                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       222161                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           23                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          159                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        20358                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          773                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles       342273                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles        104080                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles        10393                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12714500                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1359                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1215463                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       651786                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1797                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents         7561                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          159                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       104681                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       104256                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts       208937                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11842608                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1044103                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       173214                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                  20                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs            1691571                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches        1665337                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores           647468                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.523102                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent             11819754                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count            11819549                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers         6912112                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers        18069440                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.522083                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.382531                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8839304                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps     10834673                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1879856                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         2938                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts       184573                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     20323381                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533114                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.386457                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     15923201     78.35%     78.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2131842     10.49%     88.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       830704      4.09%     92.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       445707      2.19%     95.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       334131      1.64%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       186375      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       116280      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       102905      0.51%     98.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       252236      1.24%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     20323381                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts      8839304                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps     10834673                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs              1624730                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads              993302                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars              1466                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches          1555205                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts         9762907                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls       220105                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events       252236                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads           32785609                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes          25771365                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                289867                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles               1973543                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts           8839304                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps            10834673                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total      8839304                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.561197                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.561197                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.390442                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.390442                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads       53399584                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes      16383011                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads      11878592                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes         2934                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles               22639192                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups        1834319                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1504027                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       183026                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       777208                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits         717959                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS         187711                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8092                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles     17591868                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts             10434909                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches           1834319                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches       905670                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles             2297352                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles        516689                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles       589307                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines         1085600                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes       181696                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples     20809237                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.613384                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.963102                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0       18511885     88.96%     88.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1         248442      1.19%     90.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2         288788      1.39%     91.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3         158258      0.76%     92.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4         184244      0.89%     93.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5         100520      0.48%     93.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6          68353      0.33%     94.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7         176405      0.85%     94.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8        1072342      5.15%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total     20809237                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.081024                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.460922                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles       17448924                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles       735214                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles         2279583                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles        16706                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles       328807                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved       297564                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred         1903                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts     12740498                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts        10047                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles       328807                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles       17475526                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles        204124                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles       455572                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles         2270663                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles        74542                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts     12732176                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents           21                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents        18890                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents        35283                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands     17693284                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups     59290907                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups     59290907                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps     15108814                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps        2584470                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts         3347                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1875                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts          202216                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads      1218740                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores       662574                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads        17476                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores       145818                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded         12711869                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3356                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued        12015608                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        15948                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1587905                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3666990                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          391                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     20809237                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577417                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.266923                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     15743081     75.65%     75.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2040169      9.80%     85.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1095126      5.26%     90.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       756622      3.64%     94.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       661858      3.18%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       338519      1.63%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        81344      0.39%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        52914      0.25%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        39604      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     20809237                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2929     11.08%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead        11570     43.77%     54.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11934     45.15%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10057828     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       187821      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1470      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1111194      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       657295      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total     12015608                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.530744                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt             26433                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002200                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     44882834                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14303263                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11815005                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses     12042041                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        30256                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       217529                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           91                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          135                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        14737                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          735                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles       328807                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles        163112                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11732                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12715247                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         4326                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1218740                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       662574                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1876                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents         8095                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          135                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       106204                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       102444                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts       208648                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11837183                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1043778                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       178425                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                  22                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs            1700855                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches        1655783                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores           657077                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.522862                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent             11815226                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count            11815005                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers         7023926                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers        18401027                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.521883                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.381714                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8873170                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps     10885471                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1829896                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         2965                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts       183989                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     20480430                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.531506                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.350351                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     16033733     78.29%     78.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2062084     10.07%     88.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       864730      4.22%     92.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       518001      2.53%     95.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       360054      1.76%     96.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       231861      1.13%     98.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       121184      0.59%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        96965      0.47%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       191818      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     20480430                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts      8873170                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps     10885471                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs              1649048                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads             1001211                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars              1480                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches          1557776                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts         9813654                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls       221367                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events       191818                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads           33003914                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes          25759559                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                272035                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles               1829955                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts           8873170                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps            10885471                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total      8873170                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.551421                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.551421                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.391938                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.391938                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads       53399846                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes      16400272                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads      11888982                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes         2960                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.replacements                          34886                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tagsinuse                      32762.410226                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.total_refs                          1692304                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.sampled_refs                          67653                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.avg_refs                          25.014471                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.warmup_cycle                              0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           263.715347                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    21.702128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data  1430.126984                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    23.857550                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data  1453.259109                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    22.809015                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   765.831484                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    21.118379                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data  1395.546861                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    23.285559                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data  1443.343983                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    23.195701                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   589.592424                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    23.568814                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   575.670153                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    23.777902                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   601.824650                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    22.862305                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   789.797998                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    22.162247                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   477.597972                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    18.611583                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   843.058492                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    22.310568                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data  1449.609025                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    20.532248                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   564.882961                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    22.783141                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   558.005436                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    19.832797                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data  1105.635163                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    18.940705                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   795.458177                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu00.data          1298.232124                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu01.data          1276.238501                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu02.data          1110.716133                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu03.data          1354.399019                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu04.data          1308.977077                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu05.data           844.798558                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu06.data           871.707188                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu07.data           835.776038                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu08.data          1112.609544                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu09.data           719.307520                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu10.data          1103.614784                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu11.data          1255.970262                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu12.data           886.418696                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu13.data           900.518292                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu14.data          1383.596085                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu15.data          1045.223546                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_percent::writebacks            0.008048                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000662                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.043644                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000728                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.044350                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000696                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.023371                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000644                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.042589                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000711                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.044047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000708                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.017993                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000719                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.017568                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000726                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.018366                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000698                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.024103                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000676                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.014575                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000568                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.025728                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000681                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.044239                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000627                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.017239                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000695                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.017029                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000605                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.033741                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000578                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.024275                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu00.data            0.039619                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu01.data            0.038948                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu02.data            0.033896                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu03.data            0.041333                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu04.data            0.039947                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu05.data            0.025781                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu06.data            0.026602                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu07.data            0.025506                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu08.data            0.033954                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu09.data            0.021952                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu10.data            0.033680                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu11.data            0.038329                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu12.data            0.027051                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu13.data            0.027482                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu14.data            0.042224                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu15.data            0.031898                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::total                 0.999829                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         3980                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         3980                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         3151                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         4069                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         4006                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         2374                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         2409                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         2352                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         3141                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         2239                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         3060                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         3955                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         2424                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         2435                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         3791                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         3094                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   50481                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks            17861                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                 17861                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data           14                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data           13                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   180                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data         3985                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data         3985                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data         3166                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data         4075                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data         4012                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data         2389                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data         2424                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data         2367                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data         3155                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data         2252                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data         3066                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data         3960                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data         2439                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data         2450                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data         3806                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data         3109                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    50661                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data         3985                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data         3985                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data         3166                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data         4075                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data         4012                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data         2389                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data         2424                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data         2367                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data         3155                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data         2252                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data         3066                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data         3960                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data         2439                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data         2450                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data         3806                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data         3109                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   50661                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3318                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3315                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1758                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3246                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3298                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1368                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1340                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1400                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1780                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1114                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1916                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3352                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1323                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1318                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2622                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1819                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 34862                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                   4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3319                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3316                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1758                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3246                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3298                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1368                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1340                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1400                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1780                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1114                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1916                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3353                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1323                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1318                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2622                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1820                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  34866                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3319                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3316                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1758                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3246                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3298                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1368                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1340                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1400                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1780                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1114                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           30                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1916                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3353                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1323                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1318                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2622                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1820                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 34866                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5472602                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    504801803                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5702662                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    504748755                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5270956                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    265066361                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5345767                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    494465919                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5623236                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    502793192                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6166982                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    206328185                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6098285                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    202786489                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6342987                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    210544006                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5099971                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    267932640                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5185237                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    168084516                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4457408                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    287708281                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5485721                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    509950266                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5798180                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    200180218                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6390635                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    198296528                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5561406                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    395353041                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5120529                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    273293934                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5281456698                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       172887                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       131675                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       155915                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       131036                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total        591513                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5472602                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    504974690                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5702662                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    504880430                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5270956                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    265066361                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5345767                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    494465919                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5623236                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    502793192                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6166982                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    206328185                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6098285                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    202786489                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6342987                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    210544006                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5099971                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    267932640                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5185237                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    168084516                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4457408                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    287708281                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5485721                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    510106181                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5798180                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    200180218                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6390635                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    198296528                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5561406                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    395353041                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5120529                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    273424970                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       5282048211                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5472602                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    504974690                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5702662                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    504880430                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5270956                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    265066361                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5345767                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    494465919                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5623236                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    502793192                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6166982                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    206328185                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6098285                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    202786489                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6342987                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    210544006                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5099971                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    267932640                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5185237                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    168084516                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4457408                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    287708281                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5485721                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    510106181                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5798180                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    200180218                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6390635                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    198296528                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5561406                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    395353041                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5120529                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    273424970                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      5282048211                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         7298                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         7295                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         4909                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         7315                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         7304                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         3742                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         3749                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         3752                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         4921                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         3353                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         4976                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         7307                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         3747                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         3753                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         6413                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         4913                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               85343                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        17861                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total             17861                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data           14                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           13                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               184                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         7304                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         7301                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         4924                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         7321                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         7310                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         3757                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         3764                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         3767                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         4935                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         3366                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         4982                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         7313                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         3762                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         3768                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         6428                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         4929                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                85527                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         7304                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         7301                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         4924                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         7321                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         7310                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         3757                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         3764                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         3767                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         4935                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         3366                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           31                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         4982                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         7313                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         3762                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         3768                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         6428                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         4929                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               85527                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.454645                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.454421                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.358118                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.443746                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.451533                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.365580                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.357429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.373134                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.361715                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.945946                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.332240                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.385048                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.458738                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.353082                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.351186                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.408857                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.370242                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.408493                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.166667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.166667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.166667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.062500                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.021739                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.454409                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.454184                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.357027                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.443382                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.451163                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.364120                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.356004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.371649                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.360689                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.945946                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.330957                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.384585                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.458499                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.351675                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.349788                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.407903                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.369243                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.407661                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.454409                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.454184                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.357027                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.443382                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.451163                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.364120                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.356004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.371649                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.360689                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.945946                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.330957                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.384585                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.458499                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.351675                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.349788                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.407903                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.369243                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.407661                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 156360.057143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 152140.386679                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 158407.277778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 152262.067873                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 146415.444444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 150777.224687                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 148493.527778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 152330.843808                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst       156201                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 152453.969679                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 158127.743590                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 150824.696637                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 160481.184211                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 151333.200746                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 162640.692308                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 150388.575714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 149999.147059                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 150523.955056                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 148149.628571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 150883.766607                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 148580.266667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 150160.898225                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 152381.138889                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 152133.134248                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 156707.567568                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 151307.798942                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 163862.435897                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 150452.600910                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 154483.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 150783.005721                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 155167.545455                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 150244.053876                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 151496.090242                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       172887                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       131675                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       155915                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       131036                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 147878.250000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 156360.057143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 152146.637541                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 158407.277778                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 152255.859469                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 146415.444444                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 150777.224687                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 148493.527778                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 152330.843808                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst       156201                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 152453.969679                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 158127.743590                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 150824.696637                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 160481.184211                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 151333.200746                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 162640.692308                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 150388.575714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 149999.147059                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 150523.955056                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 148149.628571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 150883.766607                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 148580.266667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 150160.898225                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 152381.138889                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 152134.262153                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 156707.567568                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 151307.798942                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 163862.435897                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 150452.600910                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 154483.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 150783.005721                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 155167.545455                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 150233.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 151495.675185                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 156360.057143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 152146.637541                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 158407.277778                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 152255.859469                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 146415.444444                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 150777.224687                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 148493.527778                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 152330.843808                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst       156201                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 152453.969679                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 158127.743590                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 150824.696637                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 160481.184211                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 151333.200746                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 162640.692308                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 150388.575714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 149999.147059                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 150523.955056                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 148149.628571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 150883.766607                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 148580.266667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 150160.898225                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 152381.138889                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 152134.262153                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 156707.567568                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 151307.798942                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 163862.435897                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 150452.600910                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 154483.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 150783.005721                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 155167.545455                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 150233.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 151495.675185                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                10500                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     10500                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3318                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3315                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1758                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3246                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3298                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1368                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1340                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1400                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1780                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1114                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1916                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3352                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1323                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1318                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2622                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1819                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            34862                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total              4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3319                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3316                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1758                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3246                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3298                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1368                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1340                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1780                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1114                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1916                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3353                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1323                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1318                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2622                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1820                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             34866                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3319                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3316                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1758                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3246                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3298                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1368                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1340                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1400                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1780                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1114                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1916                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3353                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1323                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1318                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2622                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1820                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            34866                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3437157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    311674353                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3606933                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    311852273                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3177491                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    162677119                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3253058                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    305547700                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3532056                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    310839149                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3898009                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    126670474                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3891050                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    124790540                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      4079449                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    129017694                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3123947                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    164293958                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3145305                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    103218337                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2710483                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    176080903                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3391782                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    314895580                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3647869                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    123138852                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      4125623                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    121559905                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3464463                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    242713343                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3202422                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    167346403                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3252003680                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       114716                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data        73732                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data        98036                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data        72736                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       359220                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3437157                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    311789069                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3606933                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    311926005                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3177491                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    162677119                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3253058                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    305547700                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3532056                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    310839149                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3898009                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    126670474                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3891050                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    124790540                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      4079449                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    129017694                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3123947                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    164293958                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3145305                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    103218337                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2710483                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    176080903                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3391782                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    314993616                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3647869                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    123138852                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      4125623                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    121559905                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3464463                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    242713343                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3202422                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    167419139                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3252362900                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3437157                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    311789069                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3606933                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    311926005                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3177491                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    162677119                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3253058                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    305547700                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3532056                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    310839149                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3898009                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    126670474                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3891050                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    124790540                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      4079449                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    129017694                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3123947                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    164293958                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3145305                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    103218337                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2710483                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    176080903                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3391782                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    314993616                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3647869                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    123138852                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      4125623                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    121559905                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3464463                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    242713343                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3202422                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    167419139                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3252362900                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.454645                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.454421                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.358118                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.443746                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.451533                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.365580                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.357429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.373134                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.361715                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.945946                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.332240                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.385048                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.458738                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.353082                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.351186                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.408857                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.370242                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.408493                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.166667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.166667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.166667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.062500                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021739                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.454409                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.454184                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.357027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.443382                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.451163                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.364120                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.356004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.371649                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.360689                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.945946                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.330957                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.384585                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.458499                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.351675                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.349788                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.407903                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.369243                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.407661                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.454409                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.454184                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.357027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.443382                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.451163                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.364120                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.356004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.371649                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.360689                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.945946                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.330957                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.384585                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.458499                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.351675                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.349788                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.407903                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.369243                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.407661                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 98204.485714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 93934.404159                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 100192.583333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 94073.083861                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 88263.638889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 92535.335040                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 90362.722222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 94130.529883                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 98112.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 94250.803214                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 99948.948718                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 92595.375731                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 102396.052632                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 93127.268657                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 104601.256410                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 92155.495714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 91880.794118                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 92299.976404                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 89865.857143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 92655.598743                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 90349.433333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 91900.262526                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 94216.166667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 93942.595465                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 98591.054054                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 93075.473923                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 105785.205128                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 92230.580425                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 96235.083333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 92568.017925                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 97043.090909                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 91999.122045                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93282.189203                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       114716                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data        73732                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data        98036                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data        72736                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        89805                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 98204.485714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 93940.665562                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 100192.583333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 94066.949638                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 88263.638889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 92535.335040                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 90362.722222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 94130.529883                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 98112.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 94250.803214                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 99948.948718                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 92595.375731                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 102396.052632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 93127.268657                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 104601.256410                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 92155.495714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 91880.794118                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 92299.976404                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 89865.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 92655.598743                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 90349.433333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 91900.262526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 94216.166667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 93943.816284                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 98591.054054                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 93075.473923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 105785.205128                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 92230.580425                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 96235.083333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 92568.017925                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 97043.090909                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 91988.537912                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93281.790283                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 98204.485714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 93940.665562                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 100192.583333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 94066.949638                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 88263.638889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 92535.335040                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 90362.722222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 94130.529883                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 98112.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 94250.803214                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 99948.948718                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 92595.375731                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 102396.052632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 93127.268657                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 104601.256410                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 92155.495714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 91880.794118                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 92299.976404                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 89865.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 92655.598743                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 90349.433333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 91900.262526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 94216.166667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 93943.816284                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 98591.054054                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 93075.473923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 105785.205128                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 92230.580425                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 96235.083333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 92568.017925                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 97043.090909                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 91988.537912                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93281.790283                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              572.245469                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1001079908                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  579                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1728980.842832                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    30.947900                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst   541.297569                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.049596                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.867464                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.917060                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1072018                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1072018                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1072018                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total        1072018                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1072018                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total       1072018                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7948317                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7948317                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7948317                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7948317                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7948317                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7948317                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1072065                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1072065                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1072065                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total      1072065                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1072065                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total      1072065                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 169113.127660                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 169113.127660                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 169113.127660                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 169113.127660                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 169113.127660                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 169113.127660                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6540385                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6540385                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6540385                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6540385                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6540385                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6540385                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 181677.361111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 181677.361111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 181677.361111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 181677.361111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 181677.361111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 181677.361111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                 7304                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              393103341                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                 7560                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             51997.796429                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   110.785451                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data   145.214549                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.432756                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.567244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      2799840                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       2799840                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      1532776                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1532776                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          751                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          751                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          748                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          748                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data      4332616                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total        4332616                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data      4332616                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total       4332616                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        26040                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        26040                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           20                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           20                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        26060                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total        26060                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        26060                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total        26060                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3176435827                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3176435827                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      2211432                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2211432                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3178647259                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3178647259                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3178647259                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3178647259                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      2825880                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2825880                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      1532796                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1532796                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          751                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          751                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          748                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          748                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      4358676                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4358676                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      4358676                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4358676                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.009215                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009215                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000013                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000013                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.005979                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005979                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.005979                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005979                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 121982.942665                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121982.942665                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 110571.600000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 110571.600000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 121974.184919                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 121974.184919                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 121974.184919                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 121974.184919                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1367                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total            1367                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        18742                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        18742                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        18756                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        18756                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        18756                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        18756                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         7298                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7298                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         7304                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7304                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         7304                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7304                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    822273821                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    822273821                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       582067                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       582067                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    822855888                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    822855888                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    822855888                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    822855888                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002583                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002583                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.001676                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001676                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.001676                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001676                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 112671.118252                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112671.118252                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 97011.166667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97011.166667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 112658.254107                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112658.254107                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 112658.254107                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112658.254107                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              572.664903                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs             1001079873                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  580                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1725999.781034                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    30.937503                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst   541.727400                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.049579                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.868153                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.917732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1071983                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1071983                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1071983                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total        1071983                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1071983                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total       1071983                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      8268337                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8268337                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      8268337                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8268337                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      8268337                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8268337                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1072033                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1072033                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1072033                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total      1072033                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1072033                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total      1072033                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000047                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000047                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000047                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000047                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000047                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000047                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 165366.740000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 165366.740000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 165366.740000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 165366.740000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 165366.740000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 165366.740000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6540522                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6540522                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6540522                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6540522                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6540522                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6540522                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 176770.864865                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 176770.864865                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 176770.864865                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 176770.864865                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 176770.864865                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 176770.864865                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                 7301                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              393103939                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                 7557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             52018.517798                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   110.787939                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data   145.212061                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.432765                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.567235                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      2800515                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       2800515                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      1532697                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1532697                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          753                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          753                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          748                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          748                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data      4333212                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total        4333212                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data      4333212                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total       4333212                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        26078                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        26078                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data           19                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           19                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        26097                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total        26097                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        26097                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total        26097                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3165965841                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3165965841                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      1838136                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1838136                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3167803977                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3167803977                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3167803977                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3167803977                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      2826593                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2826593                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      1532716                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1532716                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          753                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          753                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          748                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          748                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      4359309                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4359309                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      4359309                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4359309                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.009226                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009226                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000012                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.005986                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005986                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.005986                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005986                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 121403.705844                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121403.705844                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data        96744                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total        96744                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 121385.752270                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 121385.752270                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 121385.752270                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 121385.752270                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1312                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total            1312                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        18783                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        18783                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        18796                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        18796                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        18796                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        18796                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         7295                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7295                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         7301                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7301                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         7301                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7301                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    821264701                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    821264701                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       490120                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       490120                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    821754821                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    821754821                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    821754821                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    821754821                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002581                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002581                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.001675                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001675                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.001675                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001675                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 112579.122824                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112579.122824                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 81686.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81686.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 112553.735242                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112553.735242                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 112553.735242                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112553.735242                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              513.950616                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs              972764587                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1874305.562620                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    32.265072                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst   481.685544                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.051707                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.771932                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.823639                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1085246                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1085246                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1085246                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total        1085246                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1085246                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total       1085246                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      7415150                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7415150                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      7415150                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7415150                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      7415150                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7415150                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1085292                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1085292                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1085292                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total      1085292                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1085292                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total      1085292                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 161198.913043                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 161198.913043                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 161198.913043                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 161198.913043                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 161198.913043                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 161198.913043                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6122784                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6122784                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6122784                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6122784                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6122784                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6122784                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 165480.648649                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165480.648649                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 165480.648649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165480.648649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 165480.648649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165480.648649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                 4924                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              153807336                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                 5180                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             29692.535907                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   226.462778                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    29.537222                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.884620                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.115380                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       763853                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        763853                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       644493                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       644493                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1613                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1613                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1483                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1483                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data      1408346                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total        1408346                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data      1408346                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total       1408346                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        17061                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        17061                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          435                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          435                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        17496                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total        17496                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        17496                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total        17496                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2153565044                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2153565044                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     51390847                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     51390847                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2204955891                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2204955891                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2204955891                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2204955891                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       780914                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       780914                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       644928                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       644928                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         1613                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1613                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         1483                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1483                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      1425842                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1425842                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      1425842                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1425842                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.021847                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021847                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000674                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000674                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.012271                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012271                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.012271                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012271                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 126227.363226                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 126227.363226                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 118139.878161                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 118139.878161                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 126026.285494                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 126026.285494                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 126026.285494                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 126026.285494                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1682                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total            1682                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        12152                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        12152                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          420                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          420                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        12572                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        12572                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        12572                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        12572                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         4909                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4909                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         4924                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4924                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         4924                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4924                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    498717953                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    498717953                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      1024891                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1024891                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    499742844                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    499742844                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    499742844                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    499742844                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.006286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003453                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003453                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003453                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003453                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 101592.575474                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101592.575474                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 68326.066667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68326.066667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 101491.235581                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101491.235581                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 101491.235581                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101491.235581                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              572.246303                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs             1001080277                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  580                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1726000.477586                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    30.949280                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst   541.297023                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.049598                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.867463                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.917061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1072387                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1072387                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1072387                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total        1072387                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1072387                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total       1072387                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      8569593                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8569593                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      8569593                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8569593                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      8569593                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8569593                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1072435                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1072435                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1072435                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total      1072435                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1072435                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total      1072435                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 178533.187500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 178533.187500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 178533.187500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 178533.187500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 178533.187500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 178533.187500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6823907                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6823907                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6823907                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6823907                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6823907                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6823907                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 184429.918919                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 184429.918919                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 184429.918919                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 184429.918919                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 184429.918919                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 184429.918919                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                 7321                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              393112418                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                 7577                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             51882.330474                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   110.791055                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data   145.208945                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.432778                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.567222                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      2805959                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       2805959                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      1535734                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1535734                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          751                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          751                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          748                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          748                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data      4341693                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total        4341693                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data      4341693                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total       4341693                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        26161                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        26161                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data           18                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        26179                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total        26179                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        26179                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total        26179                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3157749548                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3157749548                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      1625590                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1625590                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3159375138                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3159375138                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3159375138                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3159375138                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      2832120                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2832120                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      1535752                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1535752                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          751                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          751                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          748                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          748                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      4367872                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4367872                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      4367872                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4367872                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.009237                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009237                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000012                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.005994                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005994                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.005994                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005994                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 120704.466496                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120704.466496                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 90310.555556                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90310.555556                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 120683.568433                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 120683.568433                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 120683.568433                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 120683.568433                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1321                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total            1321                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        18846                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        18846                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        18858                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        18858                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        18858                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        18858                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         7315                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7315                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         7321                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7321                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         7321                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7321                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    815699734                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    815699734                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       440223                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       440223                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    816139957                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    816139957                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    816139957                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    816139957                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002583                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002583                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.001676                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001676                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.001676                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001676                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 111510.558305                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111510.558305                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 73370.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73370.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 111479.300232                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111479.300232                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 111479.300232                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111479.300232                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              572.673388                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs             1001080450                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  580                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1726000.775862                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    31.376243                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst   541.297145                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.050282                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.867463                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.917746                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1072560                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1072560                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1072560                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total        1072560                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1072560                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total       1072560                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      8216977                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8216977                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      8216977                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8216977                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      8216977                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8216977                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1072607                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1072607                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1072607                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total      1072607                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1072607                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total      1072607                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 174829.297872                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 174829.297872                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 174829.297872                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 174829.297872                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 174829.297872                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 174829.297872                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6619002                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6619002                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6619002                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6619002                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6619002                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6619002                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 178891.945946                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 178891.945946                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 178891.945946                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 178891.945946                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 178891.945946                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 178891.945946                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                 7310                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              393107376                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                 7566                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             51957.094370                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   110.789235                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data   145.210765                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.432770                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.567230                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      2802498                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       2802498                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      1534107                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1534107                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          796                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          796                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          749                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          749                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data      4336605                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total        4336605                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data      4336605                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total       4336605                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data        26112                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        26112                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           20                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           20                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data        26132                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total        26132                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data        26132                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total        26132                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3156673226                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3156673226                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      2445986                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2445986                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3159119212                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3159119212                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3159119212                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3159119212                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      2828610                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2828610                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      1534127                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1534127                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          796                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          796                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          749                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          749                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      4362737                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4362737                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      4362737                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4362737                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.009231                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009231                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000013                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000013                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.005990                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005990                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.005990                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005990                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 120889.752834                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120889.752834                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 122299.300000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 122299.300000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 120890.831624                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 120890.831624                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 120890.831624                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 120890.831624                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1210                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total            1210                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        18808                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        18808                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        18822                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        18822                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        18822                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        18822                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         7304                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7304                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         7310                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7310                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         7310                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7310                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    820010376                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    820010376                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       678178                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       678178                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    820688554                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    820688554                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    820688554                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    820688554                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002582                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002582                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.001676                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001676                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.001676                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001676                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 112268.671413                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112268.671413                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 113029.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 113029.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 112269.296033                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112269.296033                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 112269.296033                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112269.296033                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              509.996848                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs              971550936                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  516                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1882850.651163                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    34.996848                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.056085                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.817303                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1100574                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1100574                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1100574                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total        1100574                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1100574                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total       1100574                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     10688478                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     10688478                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     10688478                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     10688478                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     10688478                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     10688478                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1100624                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1100624                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1100624                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total      1100624                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1100624                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total      1100624                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 213769.560000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 213769.560000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 213769.560000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 213769.560000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 213769.560000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 213769.560000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      9072481                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9072481                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      9072481                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      9072481                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      9072481                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      9072481                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 221280.024390                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 221280.024390                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 221280.024390                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 221280.024390                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 221280.024390                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 221280.024390                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                 3757                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              148004162                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                 4013                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             36881.176676                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   222.480573                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    33.519427                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.869065                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.130935                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       754971                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        754971                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       634730                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       634730                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1617                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1617                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1527                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1527                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data      1389701                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total        1389701                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data      1389701                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total       1389701                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        11903                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        11903                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           90                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           90                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        11993                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total        11993                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        11993                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total        11993                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1450414309                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1450414309                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      8570031                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8570031                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1458984340                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1458984340                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1458984340                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1458984340                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       766874                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       766874                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       634820                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       634820                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         1617                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1617                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         1527                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1527                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      1401694                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1401694                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      1401694                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1401694                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.015521                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015521                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000142                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000142                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008556                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008556                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008556                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008556                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 121852.836176                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121852.836176                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 95222.566667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95222.566667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 121652.992579                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 121652.992579                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 121652.992579                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 121652.992579                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          822                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total             822                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         8161                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         8161                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data           75                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           75                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         8236                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         8236                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         8236                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         8236                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         3742                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3742                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         3757                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3757                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         3757                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3757                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    383687192                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    383687192                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      1261553                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1261553                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    384948745                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    384948745                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    384948745                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    384948745                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.004880                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004880                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002680                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002680                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002680                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002680                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 102535.326563                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102535.326563                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 84103.533333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84103.533333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 102461.736758                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102461.736758                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 102461.736758                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102461.736758                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              509.014793                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs              971550557                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  515                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1886505.935922                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    34.014793                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.054511                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.815729                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1100195                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1100195                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1100195                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total        1100195                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1100195                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total       1100195                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     11067358                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     11067358                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     11067358                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     11067358                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     11067358                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     11067358                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1100242                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1100242                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1100242                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total      1100242                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1100242                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total      1100242                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 235475.702128                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 235475.702128                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 235475.702128                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 235475.702128                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 235475.702128                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 235475.702128                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      9653002                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9653002                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      9653002                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      9653002                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      9653002                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      9653002                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 241325.050000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 241325.050000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 241325.050000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 241325.050000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 241325.050000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 241325.050000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                 3764                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              148005725                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                 4020                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             36817.344527                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   222.496964                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    33.503036                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.869129                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.130871                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       755702                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        755702                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       635569                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       635569                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1607                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1607                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1530                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1530                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data      1391271                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total        1391271                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data      1391271                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total       1391271                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        11879                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        11879                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           87                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           87                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        11966                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total        11966                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        11966                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total        11966                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1450518486                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1450518486                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      8257460                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8257460                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1458775946                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1458775946                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1458775946                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1458775946                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       767581                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       767581                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       635656                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       635656                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         1607                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1607                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         1530                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1530                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      1403237                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1403237                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      1403237                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1403237                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.015476                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015476                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000137                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000137                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008527                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008527                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008527                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008527                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 122107.794090                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 122107.794090                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 94913.333333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94913.333333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 121910.074043                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 121910.074043                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 121910.074043                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 121910.074043                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          803                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total             803                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         8130                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         8130                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data           72                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           72                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         8202                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         8202                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         8202                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         8202                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3749                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3749                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3764                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3764                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3764                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3764                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    383562994                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    383562994                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      1288526                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1288526                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    384851520                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    384851520                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    384851520                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    384851520                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.004884                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004884                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002682                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002682                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002682                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002682                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 102310.747933                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102310.747933                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 85901.733333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85901.733333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 102245.356004                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102245.356004                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 102245.356004                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102245.356004                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              509.794280                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs              971550075                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  516                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1882848.982558                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    34.794280                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.055760                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.816978                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1099713                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1099713                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1099713                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total        1099713                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1099713                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total       1099713                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     11378302                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     11378302                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     11378302                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     11378302                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     11378302                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     11378302                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1099762                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1099762                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1099762                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total      1099762                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1099762                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total      1099762                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 232210.244898                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 232210.244898                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 232210.244898                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 232210.244898                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 232210.244898                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 232210.244898                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      9749663                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9749663                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      9749663                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      9749663                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      9749663                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      9749663                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 237796.658537                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 237796.658537                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 237796.658537                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 237796.658537                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 237796.658537                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 237796.658537                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                 3767                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              148006736                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                 4023                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             36790.140691                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   222.487784                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    33.512216                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.869093                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.130907                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       756493                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        756493                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       635809                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       635809                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1586                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1586                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1531                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1531                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data      1392302                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total        1392302                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data      1392302                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total       1392302                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data        11949                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        11949                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data           90                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           90                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data        12039                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total        12039                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data        12039                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total        12039                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1460265657                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1460265657                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      8828671                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8828671                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1469094328                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1469094328                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1469094328                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1469094328                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       768442                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       768442                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       635899                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       635899                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         1586                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1586                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         1531                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1531                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      1404341                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1404341                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      1404341                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1404341                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.015550                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015550                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000142                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000142                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008573                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008573                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008573                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008573                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 122208.189556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 122208.189556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 98096.344444                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 98096.344444                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 122027.936540                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 122027.936540                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 122027.936540                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 122027.936540                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          812                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total             812                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         8197                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         8197                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data           75                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           75                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         8272                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         8272                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         8272                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         8272                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3752                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3752                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3767                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3767                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3767                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3767                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    386640691                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    386640691                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      1311382                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1311382                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    387952073                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    387952073                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    387952073                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    387952073                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.004883                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004883                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002682                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002682                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002682                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002682                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 103049.224680                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103049.224680                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 87425.466667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87425.466667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 102987.011680                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102987.011680                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 102987.011680                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102987.011680                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              512.986155                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs              972763848                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1881554.831721                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    30.986155                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.049657                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.822093                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1084507                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1084507                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1084507                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total        1084507                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1084507                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total       1084507                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      7052916                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7052916                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      7052916                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7052916                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      7052916                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7052916                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1084552                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1084552                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1084552                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total      1084552                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1084552                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total      1084552                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 156731.466667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 156731.466667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 156731.466667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 156731.466667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 156731.466667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 156731.466667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5663355                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5663355                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5663355                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5663355                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5663355                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5663355                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 161810.142857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161810.142857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 161810.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161810.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 161810.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161810.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                 4935                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              153808089                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                 5191                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             29629.760932                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   226.513530                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    29.486470                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.884818                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.115182                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       763779                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        763779                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       645433                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       645433                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1499                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1499                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1484                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1484                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data      1409212                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total        1409212                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data      1409212                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total       1409212                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        17134                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        17134                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          433                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          433                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        17567                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total        17567                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        17567                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total        17567                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2173836116                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2173836116                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     49747759                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     49747759                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2223583875                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2223583875                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2223583875                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2223583875                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       780913                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       780913                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       645866                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       645866                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         1499                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1499                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         1484                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1484                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      1426779                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1426779                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      1426779                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1426779                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.021941                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021941                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000670                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000670                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.012312                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012312                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.012312                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012312                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 126872.657640                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 126872.657640                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 114890.898383                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 114890.898383                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 126577.325383                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 126577.325383                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 126577.325383                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 126577.325383                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1770                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total            1770                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        12213                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        12213                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data          419                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          419                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        12632                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        12632                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        12632                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        12632                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         4921                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4921                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         4935                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4935                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         4935                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4935                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    501914168                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    501914168                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data       925730                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       925730                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    502839898                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    502839898                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    502839898                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    502839898                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.006302                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006302                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.003459                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003459                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.003459                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003459                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 101994.344239                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101994.344239                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 66123.571429                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66123.571429                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 101892.583181                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101892.583181                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 101892.583181                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101892.583181                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              487.789847                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs              974692003                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  492                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1981081.306911                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    32.789847                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.052548                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.781714                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1108442                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1108442                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1108442                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total        1108442                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1108442                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total       1108442                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      7382879                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7382879                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      7382879                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7382879                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      7382879                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7382879                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1108489                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1108489                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1108489                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total      1108489                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1108489                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total      1108489                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 157082.531915                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 157082.531915                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 157082.531915                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 157082.531915                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 157082.531915                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 157082.531915                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5799996                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5799996                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5799996                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5799996                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5799996                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5799996                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 156756.648649                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 156756.648649                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 156756.648649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 156756.648649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 156756.648649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 156756.648649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                 3366                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              144284585                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                 3622                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             39835.611541                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   219.200497                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    36.799503                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.856252                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.143748                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       882689                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        882689                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       654608                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       654608                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1702                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1702                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1592                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1592                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data      1537297                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total        1537297                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data      1537297                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total       1537297                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         8639                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         8639                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data           44                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           44                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         8683                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total         8683                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         8683                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total         8683                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    920999296                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    920999296                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      3804857                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      3804857                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    924804153                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    924804153                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    924804153                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    924804153                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       891328                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       891328                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       654652                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       654652                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         1702                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1702                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         1592                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1592                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      1545980                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1545980                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      1545980                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1545980                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.009692                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009692                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000067                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000067                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.005617                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005617                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.005617                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005617                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 106609.479801                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 106609.479801                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 86474.022727                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86474.022727                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 106507.445929                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 106507.445929                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 106507.445929                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 106507.445929                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          728                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total             728                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         5286                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         5286                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data           31                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           31                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         5317                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         5317                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         5317                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         5317                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3353                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3353                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3366                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3366                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3366                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3366                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    329396430                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    329396430                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       908184                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       908184                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    330304614                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    330304614                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    330304614                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    330304614                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.003762                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003762                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002177                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002177                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002177                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002177                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 98239.317030                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98239.317030                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 69860.307692                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69860.307692                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 98129.713012                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98129.713012                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 98129.713012                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98129.713012                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              550.170415                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs              888915430                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  558                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1593038.405018                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    23.842356                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst   526.328059                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.038209                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.843474                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.881683                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1099583                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1099583                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1099583                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total        1099583                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1099583                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total       1099583                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           36                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5622824                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5622824                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5622824                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5622824                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5622824                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5622824                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1099619                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1099619                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1099619                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total      1099619                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1099619                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total      1099619                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000033                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000033                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000033                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 156189.555556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 156189.555556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 156189.555556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 156189.555556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 156189.555556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 156189.555556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4868194                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4868194                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4868194                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4868194                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4868194                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4868194                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 157038.516129                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 157038.516129                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 157038.516129                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 157038.516129                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 157038.516129                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 157038.516129                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                 4982                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              199355448                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                 5238                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             38059.459336                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   184.294392                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    71.705608                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.719900                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.280100                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      1651396                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1651396                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       291531                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       291531                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          687                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          687                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          684                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          684                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data      1942927                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total        1942927                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data      1942927                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total       1942927                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        17758                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        17758                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        17788                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total        17788                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        17788                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total        17788                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1958473235                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1958473235                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      2704874                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2704874                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1961178109                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1961178109                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1961178109                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1961178109                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      1669154                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1669154                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       291561                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       291561                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          687                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          687                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          684                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          684                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      1960715                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1960715                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      1960715                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1960715                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.010639                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010639                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000103                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000103                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.009072                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009072                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.009072                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009072                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 110286.813549                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 110286.813549                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 90162.466667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90162.466667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 110252.873229                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 110252.873229                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 110252.873229                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 110252.873229                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          559                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total             559                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        12782                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        12782                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        12806                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        12806                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        12806                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        12806                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         4976                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4976                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         4982                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4982                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         4982                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4982                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    514177129                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    514177129                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       411740                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       411740                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    514588869                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    514588869                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    514588869                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    514588869                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002981                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002981                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002541                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002541                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002541                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002541                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 103331.416600                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103331.416600                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 68623.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68623.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 103289.616419                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103289.616419                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 103289.616419                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103289.616419                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              572.677917                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs             1001079310                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  580                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1725998.810345                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    31.381054                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst   541.296863                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.050290                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.867463                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.917753                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1071420                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1071420                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1071420                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total        1071420                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1071420                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total       1071420                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      8806815                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8806815                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      8806815                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8806815                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      8806815                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8806815                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1071468                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1071468                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1071468                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total      1071468                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1071468                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total      1071468                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 183475.312500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 183475.312500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 183475.312500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 183475.312500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 183475.312500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 183475.312500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6958785                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6958785                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6958785                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6958785                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6958785                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6958785                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 188075.270270                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 188075.270270                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 188075.270270                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 188075.270270                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 188075.270270                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 188075.270270                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                 7313                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              393110700                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                 7569                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             51936.940151                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   110.813170                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data   145.186830                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.432864                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.567136                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      2804526                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       2804526                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      1535448                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1535448                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          752                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          752                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          748                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          748                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data      4339974                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total        4339974                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data      4339974                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total       4339974                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        26122                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        26122                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data           19                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           19                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        26141                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total        26141                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        26141                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total        26141                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3187678439                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3187678439                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      1924668                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1924668                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3189603107                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3189603107                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3189603107                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3189603107                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      2830648                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2830648                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      1535467                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1535467                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          752                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          752                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          748                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          748                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      4366115                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4366115                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      4366115                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4366115                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.009228                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009228                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000012                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.005987                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005987                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.005987                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005987                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 122030.412641                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 122030.412641                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 101298.315789                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 101298.315789                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 122015.343981                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 122015.343981                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 122015.343981                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 122015.343981                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1263                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total            1263                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        18815                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        18815                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        18828                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        18828                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        18828                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        18828                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         7307                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7307                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         7313                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7313                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         7313                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7313                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    826383116                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    826383116                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       494191                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       494191                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    826877307                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    826877307                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    826877307                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    826877307                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002581                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002581                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.001675                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001675                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.001675                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001675                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 113094.719584                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 113094.719584                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 82365.166667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82365.166667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 113069.507316                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 113069.507316                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 113069.507316                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 113069.507316                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              508.510545                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs              971550967                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  513                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1893861.534113                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    33.510545                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.053703                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.814921                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1100605                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1100605                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1100605                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total        1100605                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1100605                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total       1100605                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     10335487                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     10335487                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     10335487                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     10335487                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     10335487                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     10335487                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1100650                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1100650                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1100650                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total      1100650                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1100650                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total      1100650                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 229677.488889                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 229677.488889                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 229677.488889                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 229677.488889                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 229677.488889                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 229677.488889                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      8701392                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8701392                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      8701392                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      8701392                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      8701392                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      8701392                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst       228984                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       228984                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst       228984                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       228984                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst       228984                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       228984                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                 3762                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              148005497                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                 4018                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             36835.613987                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   222.491554                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    33.508446                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.869108                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.130892                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       755767                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        755767                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       635310                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       635310                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1574                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1574                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1529                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1529                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data      1391077                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total        1391077                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data      1391077                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total       1391077                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        11891                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        11891                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data           88                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           88                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        11979                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total        11979                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        11979                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total        11979                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1441709540                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1441709540                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      7853761                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7853761                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1449563301                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1449563301                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1449563301                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1449563301                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       767658                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       767658                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       635398                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       635398                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         1574                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1574                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         1529                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1529                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      1403056                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1403056                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      1403056                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1403056                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.015490                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015490                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000138                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000138                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008538                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008538                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008538                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008538                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 121243.759146                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121243.759146                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 89247.284091                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89247.284091                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 121008.706987                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 121008.706987                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 121008.706987                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 121008.706987                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          812                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total             812                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         8144                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         8144                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data           73                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           73                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         8217                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         8217                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         8217                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         8217                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3747                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3747                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3762                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3762                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3762                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3762                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    380498354                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    380498354                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      1187710                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1187710                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    381686064                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    381686064                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    381686064                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    381686064                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.004881                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004881                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002681                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002681                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002681                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002681                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 101547.465706                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101547.465706                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 79180.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79180.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 101458.283892                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101458.283892                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 101458.283892                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101458.283892                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              510.215418                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs              971551382                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  516                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1882851.515504                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    35.215418                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.056435                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.817653                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1101020                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1101020                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1101020                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total        1101020                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1101020                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total       1101020                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     11160753                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     11160753                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     11160753                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     11160753                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     11160753                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     11160753                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1101069                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1101069                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1101069                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total      1101069                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1101069                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total      1101069                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 227770.469388                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 227770.469388                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 227770.469388                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 227770.469388                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 227770.469388                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 227770.469388                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      9709141                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9709141                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      9709141                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      9709141                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      9709141                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      9709141                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 236808.317073                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 236808.317073                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 236808.317073                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 236808.317073                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 236808.317073                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 236808.317073                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                 3767                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              148005501                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                 4023                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             36789.833706                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   222.501432                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    33.498568                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.869146                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.130854                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       755869                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        755869                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       635254                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       635254                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1533                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1533                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1528                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1528                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data      1391123                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total        1391123                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data      1391123                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total       1391123                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        11952                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        11952                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data           90                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           90                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        12042                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total        12042                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        12042                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total        12042                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1438844414                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1438844414                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      8344769                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8344769                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1447189183                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1447189183                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1447189183                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1447189183                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       767821                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       767821                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       635344                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       635344                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         1533                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1533                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         1528                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1528                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      1403165                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1403165                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      1403165                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1403165                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.015566                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015566                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000142                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000142                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008582                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008582                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008582                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008582                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 120385.242135                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120385.242135                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 92719.655556                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92719.655556                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 120178.473925                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 120178.473925                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 120178.473925                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 120178.473925                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          804                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total             804                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         8199                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         8199                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data           75                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           75                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         8274                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         8274                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         8274                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         8274                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3768                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3768                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3768                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3768                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    379112610                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    379112610                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      1232155                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1232155                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    380344765                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    380344765                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    380344765                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    380344765                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.004888                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004888                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002685                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002685                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002685                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002685                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 101015.883293                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101015.883293                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 82143.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82143.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 100940.755042                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100940.755042                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 100940.755042                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100940.755042                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              519.883062                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs              977200995                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  527                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1854271.337761                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    29.883062                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.047890                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.833146                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1097480                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1097480                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1097480                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total        1097480                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1097480                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total       1097480                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      7167202                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7167202                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      7167202                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7167202                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      7167202                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7167202                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1097526                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1097526                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1097526                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total      1097526                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1097526                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total      1097526                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 155808.739130                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 155808.739130                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 155808.739130                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 155808.739130                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 155808.739130                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 155808.739130                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6036392                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6036392                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6036392                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6036392                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6036392                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6036392                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 163145.729730                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163145.729730                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 163145.729730                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163145.729730                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 163145.729730                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163145.729730                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                 6428                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              162703169                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                 6684                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             24342.185667                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   227.986005                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    28.013995                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.890570                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.109430                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       759953                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        759953                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       628371                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       628371                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1753                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1753                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1467                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1467                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data      1388324                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total        1388324                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data      1388324                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total       1388324                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        16389                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        16389                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data           91                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           91                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        16480                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total        16480                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        16480                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total        16480                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1939329362                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1939329362                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      7358048                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7358048                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1946687410                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1946687410                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1946687410                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1946687410                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       776342                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       776342                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       628462                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       628462                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         1753                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1753                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         1467                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1467                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      1404804                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1404804                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      1404804                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1404804                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.021111                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021111                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000145                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000145                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.011731                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011731                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.011731                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011731                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 118331.158826                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 118331.158826                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 80857.670330                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 80857.670330                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 118124.236044                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 118124.236044                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 118124.236044                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 118124.236044                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          894                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total             894                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         9976                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         9976                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data           76                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           76                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        10052                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        10052                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        10052                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        10052                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         6413                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6413                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         6428                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6428                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         6428                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6428                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    680662797                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    680662797                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       971538                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       971538                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    681634335                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    681634335                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    681634335                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    681634335                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008261                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008261                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.004576                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004576                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.004576                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004576                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 106137.969281                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106137.969281                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 64769.200000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64769.200000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 106041.433572                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106041.433572                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 106041.433572                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106041.433572                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              511.800417                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs              972764899                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  516                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1885203.292636                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    29.800417                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.047757                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.820193                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1085558                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1085558                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1085558                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total        1085558                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1085558                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total       1085558                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6942683                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6942683                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6942683                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6942683                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6942683                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6942683                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1085600                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1085600                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1085600                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total      1085600                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1085600                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total      1085600                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 165301.976190                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 165301.976190                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 165301.976190                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 165301.976190                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 165301.976190                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 165301.976190                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5678327                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5678327                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5678327                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5678327                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5678327                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5678327                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 167009.617647                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167009.617647                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 167009.617647                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167009.617647                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 167009.617647                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167009.617647                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                 4929                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              153805327                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                 5185                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             29663.515333                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   226.483605                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    29.516395                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.884702                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.115298                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       762201                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        762201                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       644243                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       644243                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1509                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1509                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1480                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1480                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data      1406444                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total        1406444                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data      1406444                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total       1406444                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        16981                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        16981                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          421                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          421                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        17402                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total        17402                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        17402                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total        17402                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2152141004                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2152141004                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     48816468                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     48816468                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2200957472                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2200957472                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2200957472                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2200957472                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       779182                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       779182                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       644664                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       644664                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         1509                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1509                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         1480                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1480                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      1423846                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1423846                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      1423846                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1423846                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.021793                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021793                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000653                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000653                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.012222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.012222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 126738.178199                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 126738.178199                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 115953.605701                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 115953.605701                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 126477.271118                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 126477.271118                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 126477.271118                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 126477.271118                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1702                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total            1702                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        12068                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        12068                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          405                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          405                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        12473                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        12473                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        12473                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        12473                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         4913                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4913                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         4929                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4929                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         4929                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4929                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    502053173                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    502053173                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      1156798                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1156798                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    503209971                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    503209971                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    503209971                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    503209971                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.006305                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006305                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.003462                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003462                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.003462                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003462                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 102188.718298                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102188.718298                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 72299.875000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72299.875000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 102091.696287                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102091.696287                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 102091.696287                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102091.696287                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
