
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.012022                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 12022296816                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               577320728643                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 408034                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   524527                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                 287902                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67630960                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 41758.35                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 17038845529                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   21903363518                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         3968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data       255872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data       464768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data       174080                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data       169472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data       170752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data       164736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         3584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data       257152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data       257664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data       175232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data       259840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data       407808                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data       464512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data       166528                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data       262784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data       260992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data       470016                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total              4451968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         3968                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         3584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4096                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4096                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           69760                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks       981120                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total            981120                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           31                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data         1999                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data         3631                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data         1360                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data         1324                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data         1334                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data         1287                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           28                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data         2009                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           32                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data         2013                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data         1369                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           33                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data         2030                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data         3186                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data         3629                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           33                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data         1301                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           32                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data         2053                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           33                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data         2039                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data         3672                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 34781                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            7665                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 7665                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst       330053                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     21283121                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst       383288                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     38658836                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst       383288                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     14479762                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst       383288                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     14096474                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst       361994                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     14202943                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst       372641                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     13702540                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst       298113                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     21389590                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst       340700                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     21432178                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst       404582                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     14575584                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst       351347                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     21613175                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst       372641                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     33920973                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst       404582                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     38637542                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst       351347                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     13851596                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst       340700                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     21858053                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst       351347                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     21708997                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst       372641                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     39095358                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               370309274                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst       330053                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst       383288                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst       383288                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst       383288                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst       361994                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst       372641                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst       298113                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst       340700                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst       404582                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst       351347                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst       372641                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst       404582                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst       351347                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst       340700                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst       351347                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst       372641                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            5802552                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks          81608366                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total               81608366                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks          81608366                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst       330053                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     21283121                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst       383288                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     38658836                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst       383288                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     14479762                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst       383288                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     14096474                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst       361994                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     14202943                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst       372641                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     13702540                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst       298113                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     21389590                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst       340700                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     21432178                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst       404582                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     14575584                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst       351347                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     21613175                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst       372641                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     33920973                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst       404582                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     38637542                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst       351347                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     13851596                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst       340700                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     21858053                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst       351347                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     21708997                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst       372641                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     39095358                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              451917640                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles               28830449                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups        2184026                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1953952                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       175875                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1460560                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1435578                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS         128467                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         5254                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles     23146057                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts             12415093                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches           2184026                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches      1564045                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles             2769384                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles        578369                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles       340180                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           29                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines         1401757                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes       172310                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples     26657175                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.520978                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.761165                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0       23887791     89.61%     89.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1         425958      1.60%     91.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2         211430      0.79%     92.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3         420795      1.58%     93.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4         131274      0.49%     94.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5         390251      1.46%     95.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6          60296      0.23%     95.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7          96572      0.36%     96.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8        1032808      3.87%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total     26657175                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.075754                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.430624                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles       22863589                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles       628267                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles         2763775                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles         2235                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles       399305                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved       203007                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred         2219                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts     13863063                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         5153                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles       399305                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles       22895645                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles        371830                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles       160208                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles         2734390                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles        95793                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts     13842753                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents           26                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents        10454                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents        76986                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands     18117829                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups     62697577                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups     62697577                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps     14646429                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps        3471373                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts         1834                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts          935                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts          206201                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads      2520055                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores       398554                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3441                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores        90417                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded         13770266                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1841                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued        12880076                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         8410                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2517392                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      5170999                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           23                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     26657175                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.483175                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.094371                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     21006402     78.80%     78.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1767649      6.63%     85.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1905281      7.15%     92.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      1104253      4.14%     96.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       561191      2.11%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       140454      0.53%     99.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       164809      0.62%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3870      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3266      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     26657175                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         21180     57.19%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8669     23.41%     80.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         7183     19.40%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10086775     78.31%     78.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        99377      0.77%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          901      0.01%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2298014     17.84%     96.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       395009      3.07%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total     12880076                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.446753                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt             37032                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002875                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     52462767                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16289543                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12549439                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses     12917108                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         9800                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       517096                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           10                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           48                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10246                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles       399305                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles        246149                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11689                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13772120                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1802                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2520055                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       398554                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          933                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4491                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          261                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           48                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       118164                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        68002                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts       186166                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12716474                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2265210                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       163600                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                  13                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs            2660177                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches        1934360                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores           394967                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.441078                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent             12552327                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count            12549439                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers         7601615                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers        16464279                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.435284                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.461703                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10000000                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps     11236445                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2536204                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1818                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts       174594                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26257870                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.427927                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.298853                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     22083636     84.10%     84.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1632806      6.22%     90.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1056156      4.02%     94.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       330621      1.26%     95.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       555938      2.12%     97.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       105805      0.40%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        67657      0.26%     98.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        61263      0.23%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       363988      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26257870                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts     10000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps     11236445                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs              2391264                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads             2002956                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars               907                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches          1725938                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts         9812681                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls       138175                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events       363988                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads           39666492                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes          27944949                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                516715                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles               2173274                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts          10000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps            11236445                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total     10000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.883045                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.883045                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.346856                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.346856                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads       59140425                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes      16330488                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads      14755729                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes         1816                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles               28830449                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups        2244207                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted      2024509                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       119529                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       853127                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits         800171                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS         123907                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         5311                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles     23765370                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts             14114254                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches           2244207                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches       924078                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles             2790087                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles        375452                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles       573204                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines         1366027                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes       120001                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples     27381635                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.604783                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.933017                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0       24591548     89.81%     89.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1          98989      0.36%     90.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2         203585      0.74%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3          85539      0.31%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4         463745      1.69%     92.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5         412155      1.51%     94.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6          79975      0.29%     94.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7         167219      0.61%     95.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8        1278880      4.67%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total     27381635                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.077842                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.489561                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles       23631440                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles       708888                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles         2779785                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles         8794                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles       252723                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved       197310                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          251                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts     16549918                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         1493                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles       252723                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles       23656250                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles        511167                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles       121705                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles         2765274                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles        74511                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts     16539785                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents           19                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents        31337                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents        27253                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.FullRegisterEvents          442                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands     19426356                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups     77897920                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups     77897920                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps     17200009                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps        2226335                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts         1926                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts          978                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts          190706                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads      3899776                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores      1971496                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads        18178                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores        96277                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded         16504423                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1932                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued        15861718                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         8443                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1288825                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3087766                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           21                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     27381635                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579283                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.376861                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     21748950     79.43%     79.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1683555      6.15%     85.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1385673      5.06%     90.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       598549      2.19%     92.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       759004      2.77%     95.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       734655      2.68%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       417591      1.53%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        32931      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        20727      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     27381635                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         40200     11.11%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead       312728     86.39%     97.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         9067      2.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      9953838     62.75%     62.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       138470      0.87%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          948      0.01%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3801595     23.97%     87.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1966867     12.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total     15861718                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.550172                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt            361995                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022822                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     59475509                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     17795588                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     15724750                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses     16223713                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        28377                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       152841                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           75                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          410                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12563                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1402                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles       252723                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles        469142                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles        20847                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     16506370                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          190                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3899776                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1971496                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          978                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents        14261                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            4                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          410                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        68777                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        71041                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts       139818                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts     15749443                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3788487                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       112275                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                  15                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs            5755172                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches        2063476                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores          1966685                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.546278                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent             15725372                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count            15724750                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers         8493186                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers        16735026                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.545422                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.507510                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts     12767287                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps     15003257                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1504821                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1911                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts       121927                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     27128912                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553036                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.376787                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     21690251     79.95%     79.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1983596      7.31%     87.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       930708      3.43%     90.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       920941      3.39%     94.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       249903      0.92%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1071188      3.95%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        80224      0.30%     99.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        58282      0.21%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       143819      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     27128912                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts     12767287                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps     15003257                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs              5705861                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads             3746928                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars               954                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches          1981648                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts        13341053                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls       145288                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events       143819                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads           43493132                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes          33268924                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                522580                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles               1448814                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts          12767287                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps            15003257                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total     12767287                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.258150                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.258150                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.442840                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.442840                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads       77854867                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes      18267172                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads      19700389                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes         1908                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles               28830445                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups        2609358                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted      2172782                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       238837                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       999194                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits         952650                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS         279957                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        11108                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles     22680204                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts             14312235                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches           2609358                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches      1232607                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles             2981992                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles        665214                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles       800879                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines         1410269                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes       228408                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples     26887278                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.654048                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.029229                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0       23905286     88.91%     88.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1         182916      0.68%     89.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2         231048      0.86%     90.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3         366538      1.36%     91.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4         152725      0.57%     92.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5         197740      0.74%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6         230786      0.86%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7         105283      0.39%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8        1514956      5.63%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total     26887278                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.090507                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.496428                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles       22545992                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles       948000                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles         2967882                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles         1455                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles       423944                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved       396769                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          259                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts     17490271                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         1459                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles       423944                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles       22569399                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles         73417                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles       810346                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles         2945951                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles        64211                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts     17382535                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents           29                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents         9266                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents        44582                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands     24281460                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups     80826164                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups     80826164                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps     20288965                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps        3992495                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts         4221                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2208                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts          228968                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads      1626464                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores       850287                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads         9772                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores       189958                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded         16965636                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         4236                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued        16271158                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        16917                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2070318                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4217816                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          179                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     26887278                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.605162                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326590                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19995785     74.37%     74.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      3142341     11.69%     86.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1284362      4.78%     90.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       719819      2.68%     93.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       976886      3.63%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       299913      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       296298      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       159253      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        12621      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     26887278                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        112529     79.16%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead        15060     10.59%     89.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        14564     10.25%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     13708024     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       222124      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         2012      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1491667      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       847331      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total     16271158                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.564374                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt            142153                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008737                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     59588664                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     19040296                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     15844467                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses     16413311                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        12010                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       307736                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           10                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          108                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12275                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles       423944                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles         56193                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles         7114                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     16969874                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        13092                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1626464                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       850287                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2209                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents         6220                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            7                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          108                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       140405                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       134516                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts       274921                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts     15985153                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1466723                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       286005                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                   2                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs            2313936                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches        2259862                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores           847213                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.554454                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent             15844577                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count            15844467                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers         9492648                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers        25498518                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.549574                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.372282                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11803321                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps     14544567                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2425393                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         4057                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts       240682                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26463334                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.549612                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.370161                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     20308719     76.74%     76.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      3119312     11.79%     88.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1131145      4.27%     92.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       564779      2.13%     94.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       515936      1.95%     96.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       217214      0.82%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       214496      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       102026      0.39%     98.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       289707      1.09%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26463334                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts     11803321                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps     14544567                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs              2156740                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads             1318728                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars              2024                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches          2108211                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts        13094837                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls       300329                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events       289707                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads           43143509                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes          34363879                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                345606                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles               1943167                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts          11803321                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps            14544567                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total     11803321                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.442571                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.442571                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.409405                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.409405                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads       71926866                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes      22143440                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads      16177189                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes         4054                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles               28830446                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups        2611082                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted      2173632                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       238731                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       996229                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits         952223                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS         280062                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        11095                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles     22689273                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts             14320528                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches           2611082                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches      1232285                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles             2984275                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles        664752                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles       798418                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines         1410667                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes       228171                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples     26895817                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.654216                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.029493                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0       23911542     88.90%     88.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1         183415      0.68%     89.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2         231470      0.86%     90.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3         367820      1.37%     91.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4         152218      0.57%     92.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5         197562      0.73%     93.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6         229758      0.85%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7         105639      0.39%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8        1516393      5.64%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total     26895817                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.090567                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.496715                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles       22554759                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles       945948                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles         2969989                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles         1517                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles       423599                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved       397593                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          252                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts     17499507                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         1431                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles       423599                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles       22578411                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles         73579                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles       807651                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles         2947866                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles        64701                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts     17390198                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents           26                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents         9263                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents        45065                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands     24294321                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups     80856616                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups     80856616                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps     20299766                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps        3994549                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts         4257                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2243                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts          231082                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads      1626729                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores       851001                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads         9878                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores       191501                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded         16976137                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         4271                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued        16279804                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17118                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2072316                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4220129                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          214                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     26895817                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.605291                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326644                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     20000275     74.36%     74.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      3142681     11.68%     86.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1288767      4.79%     90.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       718957      2.67%     93.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       975923      3.63%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       300706      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       296737      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       159094      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        12677      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     26895817                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        112904     79.23%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead        15029     10.55%     89.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        14566     10.22%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     13715508     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       222275      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         2013      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1492018      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       847990      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total     16279804                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.564674                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt            142499                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008753                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     59615042                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     19052822                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     15854642                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses     16422303                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        12145                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       307278                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            2                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          101                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12541                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles       423599                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles         56197                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles         7153                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     16980411                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        13463                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1626729                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       851001                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2244                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents         6245                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            4                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          101                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       139708                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       134740                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts       274448                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts     15995146                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1467514                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       284658                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                   3                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs            2315373                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches        2262236                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores           847859                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.554801                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent             15854773                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count            15854642                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers         9497655                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers        25501676                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.549927                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.372433                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11809604                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps     14552385                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2428111                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         4057                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts       240586                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26472218                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.549723                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.370034                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     20313075     76.73%     76.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      3121688     11.79%     88.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1132046      4.28%     92.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       565832      2.14%     94.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       515957      1.95%     96.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       217419      0.82%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       214633      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       102156      0.39%     98.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       289412      1.09%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26472218                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts     11809604                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps     14552385                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs              2157910                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads             1319450                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars              2024                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches          2109378                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts        13101874                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls       300503                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events       289412                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads           43163224                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes          34384612                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                345563                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles               1934629                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts          11809604                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps            14552385                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total     11809604                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.441271                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.441271                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.409623                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.409623                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads       71967831                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes      22157544                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads      16186952                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes         4054                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles               28830446                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups        2610136                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted      2172501                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       238358                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       998425                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits         952005                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS         280090                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        11135                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles     22690650                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts             14315649                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches           2610136                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches      1232095                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles             2982556                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles        663899                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles       799390                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines         1410209                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes       227850                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples     26895961                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.654026                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.029276                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0       23913405     88.91%     88.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1         183369      0.68%     89.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2         230293      0.86%     90.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3         366440      1.36%     91.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4         153195      0.57%     92.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5         197855      0.74%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6         229987      0.86%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7         105933      0.39%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8        1515484      5.63%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total     26895961                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.090534                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.496546                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles       22556465                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles       946530                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles         2968387                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles         1464                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles       423110                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved       397776                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          255                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts     17494956                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         1446                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles       423110                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles       22579975                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles         73451                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles       808663                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles         2946365                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles        64387                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts     17386795                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents           26                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents         9158                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents        44810                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands     24286719                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups     80843143                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups     80843143                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps     20303822                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps        3982897                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts         4240                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2225                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts          230173                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads      1626923                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores       851430                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads         9636                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores       191335                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded         16974502                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         4255                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued        16280400                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        16973                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2066624                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4211576                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          194                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     26895961                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.605310                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326596                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19999582     74.36%     74.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      3143918     11.69%     86.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1287168      4.79%     90.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       720297      2.68%     93.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       976703      3.63%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       300127      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       296096      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       159328      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        12742      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     26895961                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        112606     79.14%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead        15108     10.62%     89.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        14572     10.24%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     13715348     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       222229      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         2014      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1492356      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       848453      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total     16280400                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.564695                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt            142286                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008740                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     59616020                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     19045479                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     15855222                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses     16422686                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        11888                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       307214                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           12                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          100                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12788                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles       423110                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles         55941                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles         7186                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     16978763                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        13146                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1626923                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       851430                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2226                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents         6315                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            6                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          100                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       139608                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       134750                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts       274358                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts     15995773                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1467694                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       284627                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs            2316044                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches        2262323                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores           848350                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.554822                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent             15855311                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count            15855222                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers         9497962                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers        25503016                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.549947                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.372425                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11812020                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps     14555273                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2423586                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         4061                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts       240213                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26472851                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.549819                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.370279                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     20313014     76.73%     76.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      3122189     11.79%     88.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1132249      4.28%     92.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       565255      2.14%     94.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       516129      1.95%     96.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       217311      0.82%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       214872      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       102138      0.39%     98.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       289694      1.09%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26472851                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts     11812020                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps     14555273                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs              2158351                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads             1319709                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars              2026                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches          2109769                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts        13104482                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls       300552                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events       289694                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads           43161938                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes          34380846                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                345298                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles               1934485                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts          11812020                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps            14555273                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total     11812020                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.440772                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.440772                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.409706                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.409706                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads       71971252                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes      22157348                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads      16182627                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes         4058                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles               28830449                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups        2610930                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted      2174014                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       238736                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       999727                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits         953338                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS         280110                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        11127                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles     22701200                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts             14320584                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches           2610930                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches      1233448                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles             2984316                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles        664254                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles       794583                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines         1411054                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes       228172                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples     26903442                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.653995                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.029150                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0       23919126     88.91%     88.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1         183269      0.68%     89.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2         232035      0.86%     90.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3         367334      1.37%     91.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4         152745      0.57%     92.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5         197106      0.73%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6         230308      0.86%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7         105126      0.39%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8        1516393      5.64%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total     26903442                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.090562                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.496717                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles       22567329                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles       941523                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles         2970015                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles         1485                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles       423085                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved       397043                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          258                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts     17498110                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         1481                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles       423085                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles       22590769                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles         73297                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles       803845                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles         2948031                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles        64405                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts     17388765                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents           16                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents         9211                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents        44880                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands     24294104                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups     80854427                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups     80854427                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps     20313260                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps        3980827                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts         4215                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2199                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts          229458                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads      1626167                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores       850697                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads         9605                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores       191102                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded         16975636                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         4228                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued        16283770                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        16736                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2064827                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4198924                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          168                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     26903442                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.605267                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326483                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     20005180     74.36%     74.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      3144842     11.69%     86.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1287543      4.79%     90.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       720837      2.68%     93.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       976924      3.63%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       299657      1.11%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       296450      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       159422      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        12587      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     26903442                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        112709     79.22%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead        14988     10.54%     89.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        14570     10.24%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     13719040     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       222454      1.37%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         2015      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1492403      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       847858      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total     16283770                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.564812                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt            142267                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008737                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     59629984                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     19044787                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     15859277                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses     16426037                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        11997                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       305816                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           98                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11647                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles       423085                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles         55932                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles         7066                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     16979866                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        13369                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1626167                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       850697                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2200                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents         6197                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            5                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           98                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       140228                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       134617                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts       274845                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts     15999929                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1468412                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       283840                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                   2                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs            2316174                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches        2262865                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores           847762                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.554966                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent             15859407                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count            15859277                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers         9503572                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers        25516068                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.550088                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.372454                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11817518                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps     14562136                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2417823                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         4060                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts       240588                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26480357                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.549922                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.370306                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     20317366     76.73%     76.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      3123632     11.80%     88.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1132522      4.28%     92.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       566470      2.14%     94.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       516278      1.95%     96.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       217401      0.82%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       214669      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       102233      0.39%     98.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       289786      1.09%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26480357                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts     11817518                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps     14562136                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs              2159401                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads             1320351                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars              2026                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches          2110794                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts        13110647                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls       300701                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events       289786                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads           43170452                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes          34383024                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                345829                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles               1927007                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts          11817518                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps            14562136                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total     11817518                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.439637                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.439637                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.409897                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.409897                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads       71992934                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes      22165355                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads      16187442                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes         4056                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles               28830449                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups        2184849                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1954638                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       175105                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1461310                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1435730                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS         128587                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         5285                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles     23144072                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts             12420003                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches           2184849                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches      1564317                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles             2770258                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles        576413                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles       339462                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           29                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines         1401092                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes       171509                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples     26654156                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.521197                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.761563                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0       23883898     89.61%     89.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1         426551      1.60%     91.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2         211158      0.79%     92.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3         421056      1.58%     93.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4         130896      0.49%     94.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5         390327      1.46%     95.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6          60376      0.23%     95.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7          96585      0.36%     96.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8        1033309      3.88%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total     26654156                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.075783                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.430795                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles       22866797                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles       622448                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles         2764546                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles         2245                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles       398116                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved       202969                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred         2220                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts     13866936                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         5131                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles       398116                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles       22898467                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles        368438                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles       159028                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles         2735439                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles        94664                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts     13846261                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents           16                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents        10481                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents        75862                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands     18122930                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups     62711438                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups     62711438                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps     14661061                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps        3461863                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts         1846                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts          945                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts          205220                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads      2519877                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores       399415                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3241                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores        90650                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded         13773407                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1853                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued        12885006                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         8541                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2509308                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      5158814                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           34                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     26654156                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.483415                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.094467                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     21001089     78.79%     78.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1766836      6.63%     85.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1908167      7.16%     92.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      1104885      4.15%     96.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       561042      2.10%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       140270      0.53%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       164697      0.62%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3879      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3291      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     26654156                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         21271     57.21%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8670     23.32%     80.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         7240     19.47%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10089526     78.30%     78.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        99474      0.77%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          902      0.01%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2299328     17.84%     96.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       395776      3.07%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total     12885006                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.446924                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt             37181                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002886                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     52469890                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16284611                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12556432                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses     12922187                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        10124                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       515282                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           10                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           48                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10599                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles       398116                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles        245830                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11606                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13775278                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1800                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2519877                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       399415                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          944                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4550                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          245                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           48                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       117479                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        67860                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts       185339                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12723264                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2266995                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       161742                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                  18                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs            2662741                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches        1935825                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores           395746                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.441313                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent             12559426                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count            12556432                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers         7605225                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers        16462621                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.435527                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.461969                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10009449                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps     11247541                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2528258                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1819                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts       173827                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26256040                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.428379                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.299427                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     22077189     84.08%     84.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1634579      6.23%     90.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1057703      4.03%     94.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       331319      1.26%     95.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       556288      2.12%     97.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       105672      0.40%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        67545      0.26%     98.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        61143      0.23%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       364602      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26256040                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts     10009449                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps     11247541                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs              2393411                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads             2004595                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars               907                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches          1727637                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts         9822503                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls       138369                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events       364602                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads           39667198                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes          27950052                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                516442                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles               2176293                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts          10009449                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps            11247541                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total     10009449                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.880323                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.880323                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.347183                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.347183                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads       59172978                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes      16339785                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads      14763221                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes         1818                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles               28830449                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups        2184495                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1954146                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       175315                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1459719                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1434972                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS         128451                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         5253                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles     23143909                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts             12417940                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches           2184495                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches      1563423                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles             2769580                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles        576980                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles       338265                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           29                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines         1401139                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes       171822                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples     26652475                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.521214                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.761671                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0       23882895     89.61%     89.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1         426219      1.60%     91.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2         210962      0.79%     92.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3         420489      1.58%     93.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4         131418      0.49%     94.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5         390061      1.46%     95.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6          60227      0.23%     95.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7          96925      0.36%     96.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8        1033279      3.88%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total     26652475                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.075770                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.430723                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles       22856604                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles       631202                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles         2763953                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles         2233                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles       398479                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved       203213                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred         2212                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts     13866921                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         5124                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles       398479                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles       22889280                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles        374079                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles       159608                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles         2734207                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles        96818                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts     13846367                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents           28                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents        10517                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents        78007                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands     18122764                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups     62714736                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups     62714736                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps     14656878                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps        3465886                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts         1831                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts          930                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts          208044                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads      2519425                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores       399276                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3301                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores        91071                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded         13774053                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1836                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued        12882957                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         8533                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2513742                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      5168964                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           19                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     26652475                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.483368                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.094541                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     21000409     78.79%     78.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1768151      6.63%     85.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1905254      7.15%     92.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      1105052      4.15%     96.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       561426      2.11%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       140162      0.53%     99.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       164835      0.62%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3870      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3316      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     26652475                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         21290     57.31%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8676     23.36%     80.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         7181     19.33%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10089425     78.32%     78.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        99490      0.77%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          902      0.01%     79.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2297437     17.83%     96.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       395703      3.07%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total     12882957                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.446852                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt             37147                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002883                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     52464069                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16289680                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12554254                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses     12920104                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        10231                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       515777                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           15                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           52                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10523                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles       398479                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles        246377                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11840                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13775907                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1800                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2519425                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       399276                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          929                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4483                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          248                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           52                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       117544                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        68003                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts       185547                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12720379                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2265214                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       162578                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                  18                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs            2660883                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches        1935351                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores           395669                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.441213                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent             12557168                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count            12554254                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers         7603818                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers        16468226                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.435451                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.461727                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10006072                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps     11244009                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2532439                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1817                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts       174041                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26253996                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.428278                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.299427                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     22077308     84.09%     84.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1633525      6.22%     90.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1056950      4.03%     94.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       330998      1.26%     95.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       556233      2.12%     97.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       105584      0.40%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        67649      0.26%     98.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        61148      0.23%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       364601      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26253996                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts     10006072                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps     11244009                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs              2392401                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads             2003648                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars               907                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches          1727054                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts         9819490                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls       138342                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events       364601                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads           39665804                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes          27951708                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                516345                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles               2177974                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts          10006072                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps            11244009                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total     10006072                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.881295                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.881295                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.347066                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.347066                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads       59159206                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes      16336282                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads      14760017                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes         1814                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles               28830449                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups        2610852                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted      2173571                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       238440                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       999038                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits         952581                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS         280186                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        11085                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles     22684650                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts             14320078                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches           2610852                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches      1232767                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles             2983667                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles        664860                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles       791636                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines         1410067                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes       227765                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples     26884198                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.654548                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.030033                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0       23900531     88.90%     88.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1         183072      0.68%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2         231044      0.86%     90.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3         367218      1.37%     91.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4         152376      0.57%     92.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5         197565      0.73%     93.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6         230273      0.86%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7         105732      0.39%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8        1516387      5.64%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total     26884198                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.090559                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.496700                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles       22549936                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles       939457                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles         2969313                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles         1502                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles       423985                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved       397453                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          260                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts     17500066                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         1471                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles       423985                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles       22573646                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles         73695                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles       800953                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles         2947092                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles        64817                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts     17390166                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents           23                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents         9305                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents        45147                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands     24291707                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups     80861186                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups     80861186                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps     20297465                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps        3994236                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts         4228                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2213                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts          230809                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads      1627703                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores       851004                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads         9920                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores       191017                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded         16976320                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         4240                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued        16278502                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17096                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2074830                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4233618                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          183                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     26884198                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.605504                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326776                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19989991     74.36%     74.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      3141635     11.69%     86.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1286815      4.79%     90.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       720433      2.68%     93.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       976804      3.63%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       300766      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       295969      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       159202      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        12583      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     26884198                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        112734     79.19%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead        15060     10.58%     89.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        14562     10.23%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     13713453     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       222311      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         2013      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1492654      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       848071      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total     16278502                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.564629                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt            142356                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008745                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     59600654                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     19055492                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     15852938                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses     16420858                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        12259                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       308407                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          103                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12638                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles       423985                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles         56138                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles         7146                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     16980568                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        13223                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1627703                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       851004                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2214                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents         6237                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            6                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          103                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       140102                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       134471                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts       274573                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts     15994098                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1467902                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       284404                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                   8                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs            2315861                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches        2261737                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores           847959                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.554764                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent             15853048                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count            15852938                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers         9497775                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers        25509089                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.549868                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.372329                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11808270                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps     14550709                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2429936                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         4057                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts       240289                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26460213                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.549909                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.370395                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     20302698     76.73%     76.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      3120605     11.79%     88.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1131946      4.28%     92.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       565220      2.14%     94.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       516041      1.95%     96.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       217216      0.82%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       214808      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       101972      0.39%     98.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       289707      1.09%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26460213                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts     11808270                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps     14550709                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs              2157658                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads             1319292                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars              2024                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches          2109135                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts        13100344                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls       300458                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events       289707                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads           43151073                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes          34385295                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                345454                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles               1946251                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts          11808270                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps            14550709                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total     11808270                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.441547                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.441547                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.409576                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.409576                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads       71964954                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes      22154085                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads      16186344                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes         4054                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles               28830445                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups        2183968                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1953783                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       175520                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1459232                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1434540                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS         128122                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         5250                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles     23138241                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts             12413936                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches           2183968                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches      1562662                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles             2768323                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles        577607                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles       343352                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           29                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines         1400908                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes       171942                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples     26651065                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.520977                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.761267                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0       23882742     89.61%     89.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1         425896      1.60%     91.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2         210965      0.79%     92.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3         420649      1.58%     93.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4         131151      0.49%     94.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5         389986      1.46%     95.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6          60359      0.23%     95.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7          96405      0.36%     96.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8        1032912      3.88%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total     26651065                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.075752                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.430584                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles       22857021                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles       630196                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles         2762686                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles         2255                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles       398903                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved       203044                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred         2216                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts     13859851                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         5158                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles       398903                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles       22888960                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles        373343                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles       161086                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles         2733395                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles        95374                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts     13839115                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents           24                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents        10427                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents        76685                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands     18113833                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups     62677420                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups     62677420                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps     14643202                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps        3470631                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts         1830                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts          930                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts          206095                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads      2518496                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores       398494                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3377                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores        90775                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded         13766148                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1837                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued        12874718                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         8739                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2515750                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      5171391                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           19                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     26651065                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.483085                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.094213                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     21002295     78.80%     78.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1766585      6.63%     85.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1905526      7.15%     92.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      1103771      4.14%     96.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       561034      2.11%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       139939      0.53%     99.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       164751      0.62%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3881      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3283      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     26651065                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         21407     57.44%     57.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8677     23.28%     80.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         7186     19.28%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10082451     78.31%     78.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        99348      0.77%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          901      0.01%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2297053     17.84%     96.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       394965      3.07%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total     12874718                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.446567                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt             37270                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002895                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     52446510                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16283776                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12545219                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses     12911988                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         9816                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       515748                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           15                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           46                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10316                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles       398903                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles        248657                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11627                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13767999                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1801                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2518496                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       398494                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          929                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4487                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          255                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           46                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       117795                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        68213                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts       186008                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12712054                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2265020                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       162664                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                  14                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs            2659947                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches        1933983                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores           394927                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.440925                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent             12548153                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count            12545219                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers         7598084                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers        16449790                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.435138                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.461896                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9998131                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps     11234138                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2534419                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1818                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts       174240                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26252162                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.427932                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.298922                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     22078887     84.10%     84.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1632554      6.22%     90.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1055833      4.02%     94.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       330444      1.26%     95.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       555916      2.12%     97.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       105721      0.40%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        67476      0.26%     98.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        61187      0.23%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       364144      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26252162                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts      9998131                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps     11234138                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs              2390926                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads             2002748                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars               907                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches          1725615                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts         9810603                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls       138129                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events       364144                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads           39656536                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes          27936353                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                516444                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles               2179380                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts           9998131                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps            11234138                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total      9998131                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.883583                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.883583                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.346791                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.346791                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads       59120295                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes      16324885                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads      14754598                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes         1816                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles               28830449                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups        2336645                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1911128                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       230016                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       993006                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits         923015                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS         239932                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        10227                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles     22683517                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts             13250693                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches           2336645                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches      1162947                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles             2778099                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles        666052                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles       399905                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines         1396253                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes       231707                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples     26292510                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615911                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.967028                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0       23514411     89.43%     89.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1         150880      0.57%     90.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2         238847      0.91%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3         377282      1.43%     92.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4         157239      0.60%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5         177189      0.67%     93.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6         186309      0.71%     94.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7         122141      0.46%     94.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8        1368212      5.20%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total     26292510                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.081048                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.459608                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles       22479096                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles       606303                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles         2769374                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles         7043                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles       430692                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved       382715                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          275                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts     16181760                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         1636                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles       430692                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles       22512591                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles        197279                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles       312617                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles         2743476                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles        95853                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts     16170818                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents         2781                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents        27339                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents        36082                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.FullRegisterEvents         4467                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands     22446602                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups     75222323                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups     75222323                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps     19160013                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps        3286584                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts         4103                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2249                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts          291773                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads      1544798                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores       829341                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads        24655                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores       188073                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded         16145816                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         4115                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued        15283273                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        19290                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2051404                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4549676                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          380                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     26292510                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581279                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.272940                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19847042     75.49%     75.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2586956      9.84%     85.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1415513      5.38%     90.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       964517      3.67%     94.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       901025      3.43%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       260379      0.99%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       201123      0.76%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        68633      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        47322      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     26292510                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3543     12.46%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead        10999     38.67%     51.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13900     48.87%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12801530     83.76%     83.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       241147      1.58%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1852      0.01%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1414506      9.26%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       824238      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total     15283273                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.530109                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt             28442                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001861                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     56906788                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     18201531                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     15036061                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses     15311715                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        46065                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       280244                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           33                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          201                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        25606                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          980                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles       430692                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles        134928                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13514                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     16149957                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         6362                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1544798                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       829341                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2250                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9870                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          201                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       134317                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       131207                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts       265524                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts     15065779                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1330916                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       217494                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                  26                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs            2154757                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches        2119864                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores           823841                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.522565                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent             15036312                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count            15036061                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers         8792808                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers        22966559                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.521534                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.382853                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11254219                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps     13794816                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2355164                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3735                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts       234674                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     25861818                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533405                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.386454                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     20257872     78.33%     78.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2714937     10.50%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1057778      4.09%     92.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       568751      2.20%     95.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       426399      1.65%     96.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       237452      0.92%     97.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       146382      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       131054      0.51%     98.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       321193      1.24%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     25861818                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts     11254219                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps     13794816                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs              2068286                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads             1264551                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars              1864                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches          1980124                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts        12430213                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls       280227                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events       321193                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads           41690527                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes          32730697                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                367531                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles               2537939                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts          11254219                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps            13794816                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total     11254219                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.561746                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.561746                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.390359                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.390359                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads       67942534                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes      20844351                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads      15092910                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes         3730                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles               28830449                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups        2243692                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted      2023888                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       119730                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       856082                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits         799863                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS         123768                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         5355                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles     23752462                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts             14106588                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches           2243692                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches       923631                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles             2788393                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles        375786                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles       573298                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines         1365484                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes       120123                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples     27367243                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.604742                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.932912                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0       24578850     89.81%     89.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1          98742      0.36%     90.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2         203374      0.74%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3          85392      0.31%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4         463929      1.70%     92.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5         412049      1.51%     94.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6          79646      0.29%     94.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7         167482      0.61%     95.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8        1277779      4.67%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total     27367243                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.077824                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.489295                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles       23618669                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles       708812                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles         2778030                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles         8890                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles       252837                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved       197430                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          253                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts     16540099                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         1523                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles       252837                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles       23643454                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles        509760                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles       122787                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles         2763689                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles        74711                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts     16530010                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents            8                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents        31463                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents        27360                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.FullRegisterEvents          426                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands     19415363                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups     77848232                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups     77848232                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps     17193546                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps        2221794                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts         1935                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts          986                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts          190598                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads      3896994                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores      1970230                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads        18064                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores        96484                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded         16495557                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1941                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued        15854753                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         8482                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1284545                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3078279                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           30                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     27367243                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579333                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.376780                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     21736604     79.43%     79.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1682289      6.15%     85.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1386286      5.07%     90.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       598203      2.19%     92.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       758817      2.77%     95.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       734195      2.68%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       417567      1.53%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        32618      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        20664      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     27367243                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         40018     11.07%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead       312464     86.42%     97.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         9084      2.51%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      9950651     62.76%     62.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       138537      0.87%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          948      0.01%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3799026     23.96%     87.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1965591     12.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total     15854753                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.549931                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt            361566                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022805                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     59446793                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     17782456                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     15717739                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses     16216319                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        28338                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       152867                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           67                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          415                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12700                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1400                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles       252837                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles        468030                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles        20854                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     16497517                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          174                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3896994                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1970230                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          987                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents        14196                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           10                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          415                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        68787                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        71168                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts       139955                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts     15742504                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3785926                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       112245                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                  19                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs            5751304                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches        2063296                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores          1965378                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.546037                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent             15718346                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count            15717739                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers         8489146                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers        16726796                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.545178                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.507518                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts     12761105                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps     14996232                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1502943                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1911                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts       122139                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     27114406                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553072                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.376758                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     21677573     79.95%     79.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1983266      7.31%     87.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       930690      3.43%     90.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       920547      3.40%     94.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       249717      0.92%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1070245      3.95%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        80315      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        58462      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       143591      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     27114406                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts     12761105                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps     14996232                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs              5701646                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads             3744118                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars               954                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches          1980805                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts        13334871                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls       145288                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events       143591                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads           43469951                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes          33251253                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                522430                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles               1463206                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts          12761105                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps            14996232                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total     12761105                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.259244                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.259244                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.442626                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.442626                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads       77815616                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes      18259779                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads      19688758                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes         1908                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles               28830449                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups        2610381                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted      2172854                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       238707                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       999188                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits         952540                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS         280087                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        11173                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles     22701888                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts             14318867                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches           2610381                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches      1232627                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles             2983841                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles        664335                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles       795148                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines         1411132                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes       228080                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples     26904325                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.653921                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.029042                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0       23920484     88.91%     88.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1         183472      0.68%     89.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2         231076      0.86%     90.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3         367589      1.37%     91.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4         152407      0.57%     92.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5         197788      0.74%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6         230027      0.85%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7         105668      0.39%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8        1515814      5.63%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total     26904325                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.090543                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.496658                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles       22567649                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles       942474                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles         2969574                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles         1427                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles       423196                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved       397697                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          252                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts     17496426                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         1443                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles       423196                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles       22591158                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles         73192                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles       805091                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles         2947531                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles        64147                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts     17387296                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents           28                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents         9162                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents        44662                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands     24289114                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups     80844929                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups     80844929                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps     20306747                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps        3982355                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts         4204                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2189                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts          227792                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads      1626048                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores       851270                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads         9604                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores       191101                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded         16975651                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         4218                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued        16282638                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        16918                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2066545                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4203771                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          158                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     26904325                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.605205                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326600                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     20007363     74.36%     74.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      3144099     11.69%     86.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1288178      4.79%     90.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       719270      2.67%     93.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       976121      3.63%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       300353      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       297109      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       159186      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        12646      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     26904325                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        112744     79.20%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead        15041     10.57%     89.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        14560     10.23%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     13718024     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       222402      1.37%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         2014      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1491949      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       848249      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total     16282638                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.564772                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt            142345                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008742                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     59628864                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     19046505                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     15858117                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses     16424983                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        11808                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       306166                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           12                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           94                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12529                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            6                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles       423196                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles         56036                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles         7091                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     16979872                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        13196                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1626048                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       851270                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2190                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents         6186                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            5                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           94                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       139970                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       134721                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts       274691                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts     15998452                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1467520                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       284186                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                   3                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs            2315659                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches        2262966                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores           848139                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.554915                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent             15858233                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count            15858117                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers         9499748                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers        25504266                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.550048                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.372477                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11813695                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps     14557327                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2422620                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         4060                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts       240566                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26481129                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.549725                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.370139                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     20320372     76.74%     76.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      3122710     11.79%     88.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1132127      4.28%     92.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       565407      2.14%     94.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       516408      1.95%     96.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       217583      0.82%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       214687      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       102207      0.39%     98.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       289628      1.09%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26481129                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts     11813695                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps     14557327                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs              2158621                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads             1319882                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars              2026                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches          2110080                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts        13106309                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls       300590                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events       289628                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads           43171370                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes          34383115                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                345644                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles               1926124                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts          11813695                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps            14557327                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total     11813695                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.440426                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.440426                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.409765                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.409765                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads       71982414                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes      22161765                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads      16185620                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes         4056                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles               28830449                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups        2184251                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1953845                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       175446                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1460761                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1434930                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS         128263                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         5283                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles     23134431                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts             12413020                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches           2184251                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches      1563193                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles             2768680                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles        577275                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles       344959                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           29                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines         1400881                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes       171884                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples     26648963                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.520986                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.761300                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0       23880283     89.61%     89.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1         426395      1.60%     91.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2         211358      0.79%     92.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3         420871      1.58%     93.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4         130646      0.49%     94.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5         389717      1.46%     95.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6          60046      0.23%     95.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7          96597      0.36%     96.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8        1033050      3.88%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total     26648963                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.075762                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.430552                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles       22843831                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles       641179                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles         2763018                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles         2281                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles       398650                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved       203366                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred         2214                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts     13858987                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         5141                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles       398650                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles       22876733                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles        380354                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles       162078                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles         2733110                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles        98034                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts     13838306                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents           25                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents        10490                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents        79301                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands     18113139                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups     62672823                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups     62672823                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps     14646335                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps        3466760                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts         1832                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts          933                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts          210143                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads      2518547                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores       398613                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3367                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores        90803                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded         13765791                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1838                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued        12876147                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         8607                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2512744                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      5161793                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           20                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     26648963                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.483176                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.094270                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     20998822     78.80%     78.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1768174      6.64%     85.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1905176      7.15%     92.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      1103784      4.14%     96.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       561135      2.11%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       140031      0.53%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       164626      0.62%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3902      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3313      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     26648963                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         21274     57.32%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8660     23.33%     80.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         7182     19.35%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10083754     78.31%     78.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        99352      0.77%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          901      0.01%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2297083     17.84%     96.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       395057      3.07%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total     12876147                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.446616                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt             37116                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002883                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     52446979                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16280419                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12546865                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses     12913263                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         9804                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       515591                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            7                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           50                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10305                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles       398650                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles        250830                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11920                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13767642                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1771                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2518547                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       398613                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          930                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4475                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          243                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           50                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       117578                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        68098                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts       185676                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12713265                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2264751                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       162881                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                  13                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs            2659770                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches        1934788                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores           395019                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.440967                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent             12549702                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count            12546865                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers         7599524                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers        16449197                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.435195                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.462000                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9999949                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps     11236386                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2531797                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1818                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts       174168                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26250313                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.428048                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.299121                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     22076209     84.10%     84.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1633156      6.22%     90.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1055863      4.02%     94.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       330526      1.26%     95.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       555653      2.12%     97.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       105766      0.40%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        67710      0.26%     98.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        61216      0.23%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       364214      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26250313                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts      9999949                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps     11236386                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs              2391258                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads             2002953                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars               907                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches          1725927                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts         9812632                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls       138175                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events       364214                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads           39654243                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes          27935383                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                516109                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles               2181486                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts           9999949                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps            11236386                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total      9999949                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.883060                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.883060                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.346854                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.346854                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads       59124975                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes      16327228                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads      14753891                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes         1816                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles               28830445                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups        2183350                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1953371                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       175447                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1459616                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1434717                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS         128297                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         5285                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles     23140149                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts             12413178                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches           2183350                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches      1563014                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles             2768063                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles        577673                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles       339603                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           29                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines         1400948                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes       171885                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples     26649097                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.520992                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.761373                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0       23881034     89.61%     89.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1         426026      1.60%     91.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2         211254      0.79%     92.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3         420361      1.58%     93.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4         130414      0.49%     94.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5         389825      1.46%     95.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6          60418      0.23%     95.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7          97067      0.36%     96.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8        1032698      3.88%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total     26649097                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.075731                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.430558                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles       22861003                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles       624347                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles         2762433                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles         2270                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles       399040                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved       202925                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred         2212                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts     13859213                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         5130                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles       399040                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles       22892761                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles        368107                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles       160460                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles         2733300                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles        95425                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts     13838678                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents           20                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents        10625                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents        76532                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands     18111047                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups     62679228                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups     62679228                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps     14640740                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps        3470307                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts         1831                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts          931                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts          206666                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads      2519972                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores       398361                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3374                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores        90885                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded         13766708                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1838                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued        12875720                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         8467                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2518137                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      5172151                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           20                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     26649097                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.483158                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.094363                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     21000958     78.81%     78.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1765375      6.62%     85.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1905715      7.15%     92.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      1103652      4.14%     96.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       561342      2.11%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       140156      0.53%     99.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       164750      0.62%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3881      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3268      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     26649097                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         21188     57.26%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8650     23.37%     80.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         7168     19.37%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10082985     78.31%     78.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        99293      0.77%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          901      0.01%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2297603     17.84%     96.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       394938      3.07%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total     12875720                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.446602                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt             37006                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002874                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     52446010                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16286727                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12545635                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses     12912726                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        10040                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       517368                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           21                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           46                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10263                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles       399040                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles        244269                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11723                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13768561                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1792                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2519972                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       398361                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          930                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4618                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          259                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           46                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       117713                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        68055                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts       185768                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12712305                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2265109                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       163415                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                  15                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs            2660013                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches        1933866                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores           394904                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.440933                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent             12548518                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count            12545635                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers         7599513                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers        16454825                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.435152                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.461841                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9996738                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps     11232436                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2536675                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1818                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts       174177                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26250057                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.427901                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.298892                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     22077725     84.11%     84.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1631676      6.22%     90.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1055647      4.02%     94.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       331241      1.26%     95.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       555355      2.12%     97.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       105572      0.40%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        67555      0.26%     98.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        61155      0.23%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       364131      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26250057                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts      9996738                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps     11232436                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs              2390702                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads             2002604                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars               907                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches          1725356                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts         9809091                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls       138099                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events       364131                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads           39654998                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes          27937598                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                516331                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles               2181348                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts           9996738                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps            11232436                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total      9996738                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.883985                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.883985                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.346742                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.346742                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads       59123780                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes      16323895                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads      14754128                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes         1816                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles               28830449                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups        2243123                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted      2023408                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       119584                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       865673                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits         799387                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS         123837                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         5295                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles     23747916                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts             14103774                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches           2243123                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches       923224                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles             2787998                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles        375981                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles       576904                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines         1365057                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes       119953                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples     27366244                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.604678                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.932833                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0       24578246     89.81%     89.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1          98532      0.36%     90.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2         203798      0.74%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3          85428      0.31%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4         463253      1.69%     92.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5         412348      1.51%     94.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6          79740      0.29%     94.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7         167027      0.61%     95.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8        1277872      4.67%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total     27366244                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.077804                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.489197                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles       23614694                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles       711900                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles         2777619                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles         8852                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles       253174                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved       197285                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          252                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts     16537371                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         1509                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles       253174                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles       23639684                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles        509979                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles       125492                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles         2763030                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles        74880                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts     16527047                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents           16                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents        31222                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents        27415                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.FullRegisterEvents          529                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands     19413180                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups     77834660                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups     77834660                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps     17185889                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps        2227253                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts         1983                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1034                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts          192288                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads      3897060                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores      1969877                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads        17979                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores        96282                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded         16492326                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1990                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued        15848983                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         8650                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1289617                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3092203                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           78                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     27366244                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579144                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.376624                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     21736712     79.43%     79.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1683061      6.15%     85.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1386293      5.07%     90.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       597616      2.18%     92.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       757699      2.77%     95.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       733678      2.68%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       417691      1.53%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        32796      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        20698      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     27366244                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         40188     11.11%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead       312417     86.39%     97.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         9043      2.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      9945752     62.75%     62.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       138370      0.87%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          948      0.01%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3798736     23.97%     87.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1965177     12.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total     15848983                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.549731                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt            361648                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022818                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     59434506                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     17784346                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     15711446                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses     16210631                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        28205                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       153658                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           76                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          416                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12746                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1401                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles       253174                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles        468296                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles        20805                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     16494335                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          186                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3897060                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1969877                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1035                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents        14204                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           15                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          416                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        68737                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        71145                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts       139882                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts     15736462                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3785389                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       112519                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                  19                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs            5750375                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches        2062257                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores          1964986                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.545828                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent             15712055                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count            15711446                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers         8484831                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers        16715729                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.544960                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.507596                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts     12756307                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps     14990439                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1505562                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1912                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts       122005                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     27113070                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.552886                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.376535                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     21678110     79.95%     79.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1982594      7.31%     87.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       930540      3.43%     90.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       920160      3.39%     94.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       249688      0.92%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1069887      3.95%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        80194      0.30%     99.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        58242      0.21%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       143655      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     27113070                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts     12756307                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps     14990439                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs              5700533                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads             3743402                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars               954                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches          1979951                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts        13329691                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls       145179                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events       143655                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads           43465377                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes          33245231                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                522173                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles               1464205                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts          12756307                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps            14990439                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total     12756307                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.260094                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.260094                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.442460                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.442460                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads       77787726                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes      18252268                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads      19684884                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes         1910                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.replacements                          34796                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tagsinuse                      32763.848134                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.total_refs                          1706754                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.sampled_refs                          67564                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.avg_refs                          25.261293                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.warmup_cycle                              0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           277.562624                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    19.060459                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   879.902581                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    23.732721                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data  1550.796506                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    22.474904                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   595.080787                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    22.496949                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   572.867149                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    21.037322                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   587.262689                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    21.057692                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   562.513382                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    17.430232                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   884.070211                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    18.978234                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   877.112226                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    24.555424                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   605.166079                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    19.381261                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   900.988835                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    21.978544                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data  1343.941950                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    24.246937                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data  1537.902132                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    19.054821                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   546.176355                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    18.474667                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   896.600643                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    21.057489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   900.780160                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    24.012145                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data  1566.147368                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu00.data          1249.500985                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu01.data          1406.859203                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu02.data           722.661793                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu03.data           730.553839                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu04.data           736.989302                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu05.data           780.450789                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu06.data          1231.465595                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu07.data          1225.602487                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu08.data           709.930634                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu09.data          1181.937312                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu10.data          1434.349742                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu11.data          1427.759027                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu12.data           758.295732                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu13.data          1202.260187                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu14.data          1174.313914                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu15.data          1367.016117                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_percent::writebacks            0.008471                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000582                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.026852                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000724                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.047327                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000686                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.018160                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000687                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.017483                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000642                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.017922                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000643                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.017167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000532                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.026980                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000579                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.026767                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000749                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.018468                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000591                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.027496                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000671                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.041014                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000740                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.046933                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000582                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.016668                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000564                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.027362                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000643                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.027490                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000733                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.047795                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu00.data            0.038132                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu01.data            0.042934                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu02.data            0.022054                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu03.data            0.022295                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu04.data            0.022491                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu05.data            0.023817                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu06.data            0.037581                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu07.data            0.037402                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu08.data            0.021665                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu09.data            0.036070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu10.data            0.043773                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu11.data            0.043572                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu12.data            0.023141                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu13.data            0.036690                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu14.data            0.035837                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu15.data            0.041718                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::total                 0.999873                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         4021                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         5579                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         2833                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         2873                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         2858                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         2904                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         4017                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         4030                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         2837                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         3988                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         4988                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         5567                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         2896                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         3965                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         4006                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         5520                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   62904                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks            16252                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                 16252                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   192                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data         4030                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data         5588                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data         2850                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data         2889                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data         2876                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data         2919                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data         4025                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data         4039                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data         2854                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data         3996                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data         5006                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data         5572                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data         2913                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data         3973                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data         4015                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data         5529                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    63096                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data         4030                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data         5588                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data         2850                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data         2889                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data         2876                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data         2919                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data         4025                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data         4039                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data         2854                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data         3996                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data         5006                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data         5572                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data         2913                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data         3973                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data         4015                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data         5529                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   63096                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1999                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3631                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1360                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1324                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1334                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1287                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2008                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2013                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1369                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2029                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3186                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3625                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1301                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2052                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2039                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3672                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 34774                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                   7                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1999                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3631                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1360                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1324                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1334                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1287                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2009                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2013                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1369                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2030                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3186                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3629                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1301                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2053                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2039                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3672                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  34781                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           31                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1999                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3631                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1360                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1324                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1334                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1287                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           28                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2009                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           32                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2013                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1369                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2030                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3186                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3629                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1301                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           32                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2053                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2039                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3672                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 34781                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      4967529                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    327880061                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5728058                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    600992261                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5882128                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    228320526                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5918282                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    221635218                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5432892                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    223484453                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6119754                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    216483138                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      4665297                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    329986621                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5237164                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    331846701                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6655742                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    227363320                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5164022                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    333882686                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5691086                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    531680560                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6043602                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    597570193                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5543184                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    217698504                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5059064                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    338097606                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5366781                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    334895669                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5580997                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    605098737                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5755971836                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       147996                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       138349                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       669925                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       147873                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total       1104143                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      4967529                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    327880061                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5728058                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    600992261                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5882128                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    228320526                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5918282                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    221635218                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5432892                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    223484453                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6119754                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    216483138                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      4665297                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    330134617                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5237164                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    331846701                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6655742                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    227363320                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5164022                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    334021035                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5691086                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    531680560                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6043602                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    598240118                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5543184                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    217698504                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5059064                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    338245479                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5366781                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    334895669                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5580997                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    605098737                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       5757075979                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      4967529                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    327880061                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5728058                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    600992261                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5882128                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    228320526                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5918282                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    221635218                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5432892                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    223484453                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6119754                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    216483138                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      4665297                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    330134617                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5237164                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    331846701                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6655742                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    227363320                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5164022                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    334021035                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5691086                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    531680560                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6043602                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    598240118                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5543184                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    217698504                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5059064                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    338245479                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5366781                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    334895669                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5580997                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    605098737                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      5757075979                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         6020                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         9210                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         4193                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         4197                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         4192                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         4191                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         6025                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         6043                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         4206                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         6017                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         8174                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         9192                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         4197                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         6017                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         6045                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         9192                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               97678                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        16252                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total             16252                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               199                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         6029                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         9219                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         4210                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         4213                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         4210                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         4206                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         6034                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         6052                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         4223                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         6026                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         8192                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         9201                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         4214                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         6026                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         6054                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         9201                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                97877                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           32                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         6029                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         9219                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         4210                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         4213                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         4210                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         4206                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         6034                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           33                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         6052                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         4223                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           34                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         6026                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         8192                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         9201                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         4214                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           33                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         6026                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         6054                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         9201                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               97877                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.968750                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.332060                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.394245                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.324350                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.315463                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.944444                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.318225                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.945946                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.307087                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.333278                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.969697                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.333113                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.325487                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.337211                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.389772                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.394365                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.942857                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.309983                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.969697                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.341034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.337304                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.399478                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.356006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.111111                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.111111                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.444444                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.111111                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.035176                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.968750                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.331564                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.393861                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.323040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.314265                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.944444                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.316865                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.945946                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.305991                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.332947                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.969697                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.332617                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.324177                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.336874                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.388916                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.394414                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.942857                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.308733                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.969697                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.340690                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.336802                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.399087                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.355354                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.968750                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.331564                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.393861                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.323040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.314265                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.944444                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.316865                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.945946                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.305991                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.332947                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.969697                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.332617                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.324177                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.336874                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.388916                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.394414                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.942857                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.308733                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.969697                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.340690                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.336802                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.399087                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.355354                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 160242.870968                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 164022.041521                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 159112.722222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 165517.009364                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 163392.444444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 167882.739706                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 164396.722222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 167398.200906                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 159790.941176                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 167529.574963                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 174850.114286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 168207.566434                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 166617.750000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 164335.966633                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 163661.375000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 164851.813711                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 175151.105263                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 166079.853908                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 156485.515152                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 164555.291276                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 162602.457143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 166880.276208                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 159042.157895                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 164846.949793                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 167975.272727                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 167331.671022                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 158095.750000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 164764.915205                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 162629.727273                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 164245.055910                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 159457.057143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 164787.237745                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 165525.157762                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       147996                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       138349                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 167481.250000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       147873                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 157734.714286                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 160242.870968                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 164022.041521                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 159112.722222                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 165517.009364                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 163392.444444                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 167882.739706                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 164396.722222                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 167398.200906                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 159790.941176                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 167529.574963                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 174850.114286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 168207.566434                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 166617.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 164327.833250                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 163661.375000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 164851.813711                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 175151.105263                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 166079.853908                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 156485.515152                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 164542.381773                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 162602.457143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 166880.276208                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 159042.157895                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 164849.853403                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 167975.272727                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 167331.671022                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 158095.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 164756.687287                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 162629.727273                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 164245.055910                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 159457.057143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 164787.237745                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 165523.589862                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 160242.870968                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 164022.041521                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 159112.722222                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 165517.009364                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 163392.444444                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 167882.739706                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 164396.722222                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 167398.200906                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 159790.941176                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 167529.574963                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 174850.114286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 168207.566434                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 166617.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 164327.833250                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 163661.375000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 164851.813711                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 175151.105263                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 166079.853908                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 156485.515152                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 164542.381773                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 162602.457143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 166880.276208                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 159042.157895                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 164849.853403                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 167975.272727                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 167331.671022                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 158095.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 164756.687287                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 162629.727273                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 164245.055910                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 159457.057143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 164787.237745                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 165523.589862                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 7665                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      7665                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1999                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3631                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1360                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1324                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1334                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1287                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2008                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2013                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1369                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2029                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3186                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3625                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1301                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2052                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2039                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3672                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            34774                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total              7                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3631                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1360                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1324                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1334                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1287                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2009                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2013                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1369                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2030                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3186                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3629                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1301                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2053                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2039                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3672                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             34781                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1999                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3631                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1360                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1324                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1334                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1287                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2009                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2013                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1369                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2030                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3186                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3629                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1301                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2053                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2039                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3672                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            34781                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3165486                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    211475347                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3632253                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    389632106                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3793909                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    149133313                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3826900                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    144557844                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3457749                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    145813733                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4087346                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    141543324                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3040277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    213036357                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3376951                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    214607755                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      4450340                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    147664048                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3250199                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    215683955                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3654358                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    346135178                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3837026                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    386575414                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3625374                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    141955362                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3198319                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    218596026                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3448455                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    216135101                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3542551                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    391352884                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3731285240                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data        89696                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data        80067                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       436942                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data        90073                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       696778                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3165486                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    211475347                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3632253                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    389632106                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3793909                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    149133313                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3826900                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    144557844                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3457749                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    145813733                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4087346                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    141543324                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3040277                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    213126053                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3376951                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    214607755                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      4450340                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    147664048                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3250199                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    215764022                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3654358                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    346135178                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3837026                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    387012356                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3625374                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    141955362                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3198319                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    218686099                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3448455                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    216135101                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3542551                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    391352884                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3731982018                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3165486                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    211475347                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3632253                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    389632106                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3793909                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    149133313                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3826900                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    144557844                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3457749                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    145813733                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4087346                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    141543324                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3040277                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    213126053                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3376951                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    214607755                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      4450340                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    147664048                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3250199                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    215764022                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3654358                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    346135178                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3837026                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    387012356                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3625374                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    141955362                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3198319                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    218686099                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3448455                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    216135101                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3542551                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    391352884                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3731982018                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.332060                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.394245                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.324350                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.315463                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.318225                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.945946                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.307087                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.333278                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.333113                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.325487                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.337211                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.389772                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.394365                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.942857                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.309983                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.341034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.337304                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.399478                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.356006                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.111111                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.111111                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.444444                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.111111                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.035176                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.331564                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.393861                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.323040                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.314265                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.316865                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.945946                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.305991                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.332947                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.332617                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.324177                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.336874                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.388916                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.394414                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.942857                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.308733                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.340690                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.336802                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.399087                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.355354                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.331564                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.393861                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.323040                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.314265                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.316865                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.945946                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.305991                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.332947                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.332617                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.324177                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.336874                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.388916                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.394414                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.942857                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.308733                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.340690                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.336802                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.399087                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.355354                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 102112.451613                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 105790.568784                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 100895.916667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 107307.107133                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 105386.361111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 109656.847794                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 106302.777778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 109182.661631                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 101698.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 109305.646927                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 116781.314286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 109979.272727                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 108581.321429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 106093.803287                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 105529.718750                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 106610.906607                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 117114.210526                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 107862.708546                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 98490.878788                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 106300.618531                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 104410.228571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 108642.554300                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 100974.368421                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 106641.493517                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 109859.818182                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 109112.499616                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 99947.468750                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 106528.277778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 104498.636364                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 106000.539971                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 101215.742857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 106577.582789                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107301.007649                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data        89696                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data        80067                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 109235.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data        90073                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99539.714286                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 102112.451613                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 105790.568784                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 100895.916667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 107307.107133                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 105386.361111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 109656.847794                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 106302.777778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 109182.661631                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 101698.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 109305.646927                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 116781.314286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 109979.272727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 108581.321429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 106085.641115                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 105529.718750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 106610.906607                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 117114.210526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 107862.708546                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 98490.878788                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 106287.695567                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 104410.228571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 108642.554300                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 100974.368421                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 106644.352714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 109859.818182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 109112.499616                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 99947.468750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 106520.262543                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 104498.636364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 106000.539971                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 101215.742857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 106577.582789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107299.445617                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 102112.451613                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 105790.568784                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 100895.916667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 107307.107133                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 105386.361111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 109656.847794                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 106302.777778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 109182.661631                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 101698.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 109305.646927                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 116781.314286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 109979.272727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 108581.321429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 106085.641115                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 105529.718750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 106610.906607                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 117114.210526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 107862.708546                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 98490.878788                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 106287.695567                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 104410.228571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 108642.554300                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 100974.368421                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 106644.352714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 109859.818182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 109112.499616                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 99947.468750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 106520.262543                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 104498.636364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 106000.539971                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 101215.742857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 106577.582789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107299.445617                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              551.403506                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1001433989                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  559                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1791474.041145                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    25.350575                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst   526.052931                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.040626                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.843034                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.883659                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1401720                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1401720                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1401720                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total        1401720                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1401720                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total       1401720                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           37                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6771112                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6771112                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6771112                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6771112                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6771112                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6771112                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1401757                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1401757                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1401757                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total      1401757                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1401757                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total      1401757                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000026                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000026                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000026                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 183003.027027                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 183003.027027                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 183003.027027                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 183003.027027                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 183003.027027                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 183003.027027                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5881485                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5881485                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5881485                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5881485                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5881485                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5881485                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 183796.406250                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 183796.406250                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 183796.406250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 183796.406250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 183796.406250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 183796.406250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                 6029                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              221206125                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                 6285                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             35195.883055                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   184.852194                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    71.147806                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.722079                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.277921                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      2073861                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       2073861                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       386428                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       386428                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          916                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          916                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          908                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          908                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data      2460289                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total        2460289                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data      2460289                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total       2460289                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        20697                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        20697                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           43                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           43                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        20740                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total        20740                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        20740                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total        20740                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2327440057                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2327440057                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      3791656                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      3791656                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2331231713                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2331231713                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2331231713                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2331231713                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      2094558                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2094558                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       386471                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       386471                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          916                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          916                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          908                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          908                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      2481029                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2481029                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      2481029                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2481029                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.009881                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009881                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000111                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000111                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 112453.015268                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 112453.015268                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 88178.046512                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88178.046512                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 112402.686258                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 112402.686258                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 112402.686258                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 112402.686258                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          767                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total             767                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        14677                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        14677                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data           34                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           34                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        14711                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14711                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        14711                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14711                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         6020                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6020                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         6029                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6029                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         6029                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6029                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    621358449                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    621358449                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       647167                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       647167                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    622005616                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    622005616                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    622005616                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    622005616                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002874                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002874                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002430                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002430                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002430                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002430                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 103215.689203                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103215.689203                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 71907.444444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71907.444444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 103168.952728                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103168.952728                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 103168.952728                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103168.952728                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              572.602284                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs             1108893297                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  580                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1911884.994828                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    31.350963                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst   541.251321                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.050242                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.867390                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.917632                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1365979                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1365979                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1365979                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total        1365979                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1365979                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total       1365979                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      7904231                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7904231                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      7904231                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7904231                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      7904231                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7904231                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1366027                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1366027                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1366027                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total      1366027                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1366027                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total      1366027                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 164671.479167                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 164671.479167                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 164671.479167                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 164671.479167                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 164671.479167                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 164671.479167                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6393710                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6393710                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6393710                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6393710                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6393710                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6393710                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 172802.972973                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 172802.972973                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 172802.972973                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 172802.972973                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 172802.972973                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 172802.972973                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                 9219                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              440739594                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                 9475                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             46516.052137                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   111.167363                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data   144.832637                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.434248                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.565752                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      3575303                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3575303                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      1956973                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1956973                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          958                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          958                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          954                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          954                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data      5532276                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total        5532276                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data      5532276                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total       5532276                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        32786                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        32786                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data           29                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           29                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        32815                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total        32815                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        32815                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total        32815                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3947646450                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3947646450                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      2233863                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2233863                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3949880313                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3949880313                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3949880313                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3949880313                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      3608089                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3608089                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      1957002                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1957002                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          958                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          958                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          954                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          954                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      5565091                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total      5565091                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      5565091                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total      5565091                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.009087                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009087                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.005897                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005897                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.005897                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005897                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 120406.467700                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120406.467700                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 77029.758621                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 77029.758621                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 120368.133872                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 120368.133872                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 120368.133872                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 120368.133872                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1653                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total            1653                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        23576                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        23576                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        23596                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        23596                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        23596                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        23596                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         9210                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         9210                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         9219                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         9219                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         9219                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         9219                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1028987650                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1028987650                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       611098                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       611098                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1029598748                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1029598748                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1029598748                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1029598748                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002553                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002553                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.001657                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001657                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.001657                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001657                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 111725.043431                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111725.043431                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 67899.777778                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67899.777778                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 111682.259247                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111682.259247                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 111682.259247                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111682.259247                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              488.639096                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs             1077534236                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  493                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             2185667.821501                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    33.639096                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.053909                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.783075                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1410222                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1410222                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1410222                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total        1410222                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1410222                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total       1410222                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     11458740                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     11458740                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     11458740                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     11458740                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     11458740                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     11458740                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1410269                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1410269                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1410269                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total      1410269                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1410269                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total      1410269                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000033                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000033                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000033                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 243802.978723                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 243802.978723                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 243802.978723                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 243802.978723                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 243802.978723                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 243802.978723                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      9259468                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9259468                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      9259468                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      9259468                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      9259468                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      9259468                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 243670.210526                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 243670.210526                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 243670.210526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 243670.210526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 243670.210526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 243670.210526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                 4210                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              160312546                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                 4466                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             35896.226153                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   221.088730                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    34.911270                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.863628                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.136372                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      1123189                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1123189                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       833838                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       833838                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         2175                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2175                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         2027                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         2027                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data      1957027                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total        1957027                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data      1957027                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total       1957027                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        10808                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        10808                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data           81                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           81                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        10889                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total        10889                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        10889                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total        10889                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1205902987                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1205902987                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      7854761                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7854761                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1213757748                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1213757748                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1213757748                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1213757748                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      1133997                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1133997                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       833919                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       833919                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         2175                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2175                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         2027                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         2027                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      1967916                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1967916                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      1967916                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1967916                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.009531                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009531                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000097                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000097                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.005533                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005533                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.005533                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005533                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 111575.035807                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 111575.035807                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 96972.358025                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 96972.358025                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 111466.410873                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 111466.410873                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 111466.410873                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 111466.410873                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          903                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total             903                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         6615                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         6615                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data           64                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           64                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         6679                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         6679                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         6679                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         6679                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         4193                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4193                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         4210                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4210                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         4210                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4210                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    435533494                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    435533494                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      1581577                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1581577                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    437115071                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    437115071                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    437115071                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    437115071                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003698                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003698                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002139                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002139                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002139                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002139                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 103871.570236                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103871.570236                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 93033.941176                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93033.941176                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 103827.807838                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103827.807838                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 103827.807838                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103827.807838                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              488.638621                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs             1077534634                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  493                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             2185668.628803                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    33.638621                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.053908                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.783075                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1410620                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1410620                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1410620                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total        1410620                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1410620                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total       1410620                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     10757172                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     10757172                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     10757172                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     10757172                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     10757172                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     10757172                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1410667                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1410667                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1410667                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total      1410667                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1410667                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total      1410667                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000033                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000033                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000033                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst       228876                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total       228876                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst       228876                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total       228876                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst       228876                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total       228876                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      8689933                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8689933                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      8689933                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      8689933                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      8689933                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      8689933                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 228682.447368                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 228682.447368                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 228682.447368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 228682.447368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 228682.447368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 228682.447368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                 4213                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              160313455                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                 4469                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             35872.332737                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   221.098932                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    34.901068                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.863668                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.136332                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      1123609                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1123609                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       834291                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       834291                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         2211                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2211                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         2027                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         2027                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data      1957900                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total        1957900                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data      1957900                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total       1957900                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        10834                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        10834                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data           75                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           75                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        10909                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total        10909                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        10909                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total        10909                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1191663462                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1191663462                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      8743054                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8743054                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1200406516                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1200406516                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1200406516                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1200406516                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      1134443                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1134443                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       834366                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       834366                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         2211                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2211                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         2027                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         2027                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      1968809                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1968809                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      1968809                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1968809                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.009550                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009550                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000090                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000090                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.005541                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005541                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.005541                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005541                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 109992.935389                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 109992.935389                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 116574.053333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 116574.053333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 110038.180952                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 110038.180952                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 110038.180952                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 110038.180952                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets           14                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets           14                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          905                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total             905                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         6637                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         6637                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data           59                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           59                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         6696                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         6696                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         6696                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         6696                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         4197                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4197                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         4213                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4213                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         4213                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4213                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    431388395                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    431388395                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      1643148                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1643148                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    433031543                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    433031543                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    433031543                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    433031543                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.003700                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003700                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002140                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002140                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002140                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002140                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 102784.940434                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102784.940434                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 102696.750000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102696.750000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 102784.605507                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102784.605507                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 102784.605507                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102784.605507                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              487.308675                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs             1077534176                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  491                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             2194570.623218                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    32.308675                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.051777                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.780943                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1410162                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1410162                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1410162                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total        1410162                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1410162                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total       1410162                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     11472731                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     11472731                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     11472731                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     11472731                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     11472731                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     11472731                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1410209                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1410209                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1410209                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total      1410209                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1410209                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total      1410209                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000033                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000033                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000033                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 244100.659574                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 244100.659574                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 244100.659574                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 244100.659574                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 244100.659574                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 244100.659574                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      9179333                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9179333                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      9179333                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      9179333                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      9179333                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      9179333                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 254981.472222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 254981.472222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 254981.472222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 254981.472222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 254981.472222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 254981.472222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                 4210                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              160314058                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                 4466                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             35896.564711                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   221.098489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    34.901511                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.863666                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.136334                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      1124061                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1124061                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       834458                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       834458                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         2193                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2193                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         2029                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         2029                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data      1958519                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total        1958519                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data      1958519                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total       1958519                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data        10802                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        10802                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           87                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           87                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data        10889                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total        10889                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data        10889                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total        10889                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1194184235                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1194184235                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      8389951                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8389951                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1202574186                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1202574186                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1202574186                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1202574186                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      1134863                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1134863                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       834545                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       834545                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         2193                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2193                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         2029                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         2029                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      1969408                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1969408                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      1969408                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1969408                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.009518                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009518                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000104                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.005529                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005529                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.005529                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005529                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 110552.141733                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 110552.141733                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 96436.218391                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 96436.218391                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 110439.359537                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 110439.359537                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 110439.359537                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 110439.359537                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          908                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total             908                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         6610                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         6610                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         6679                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         6679                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         6679                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         6679                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         4192                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4192                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         4210                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4210                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         4210                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4210                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    431581375                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    431581375                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      1798497                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1798497                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    433379872                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    433379872                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    433379872                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    433379872                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003694                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003694                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002138                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002138                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002138                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002138                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 102953.572281                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102953.572281                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 99916.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99916.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 102940.587173                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102940.587173                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 102940.587173                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102940.587173                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              488.057676                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs             1077535019                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  492                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             2190111.827236                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    33.057676                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.052977                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.782144                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1411005                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1411005                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1411005                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total        1411005                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1411005                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total       1411005                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     12057434                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     12057434                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     12057434                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     12057434                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     12057434                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     12057434                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1411054                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1411054                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1411054                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total      1411054                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1411054                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total      1411054                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 246070.081633                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 246070.081633                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 246070.081633                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 246070.081633                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 246070.081633                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 246070.081633                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      9378543                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9378543                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      9378543                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      9378543                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      9378543                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      9378543                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 253474.135135                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 253474.135135                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 253474.135135                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 253474.135135                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 253474.135135                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 253474.135135                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                 4206                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              160314856                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                 4462                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             35928.923353                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   221.106864                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    34.893136                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.863699                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.136301                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      1124478                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1124478                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       834870                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       834870                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         2163                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2163                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         2028                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         2028                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data      1959348                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total        1959348                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data      1959348                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total       1959348                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        10834                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        10834                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           83                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           83                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        10917                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total        10917                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        10917                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total        10917                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1181530410                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1181530410                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      6288421                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6288421                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1187818831                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1187818831                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1187818831                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1187818831                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      1135312                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1135312                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       834953                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       834953                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         2163                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2163                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         2028                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         2028                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      1970265                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1970265                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      1970265                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1970265                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.009543                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009543                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000099                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000099                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.005541                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005541                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.005541                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005541                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 109057.634299                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 109057.634299                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 75764.108434                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75764.108434                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 108804.509572                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 108804.509572                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 108804.509572                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 108804.509572                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          906                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total             906                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         6643                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         6643                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data           68                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           68                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         6711                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         6711                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         6711                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         6711                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         4191                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4191                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         4206                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4206                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         4206                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4206                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    425746192                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    425746192                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      1096601                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1096601                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    426842793                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    426842793                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    426842793                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    426842793                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003691                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003691                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002135                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002135                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002135                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002135                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 101585.824863                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101585.824863                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 73106.733333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73106.733333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 101484.258916                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101484.258916                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 101484.258916                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101484.258916                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              551.172190                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs             1001433326                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  556                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1801139.075540                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    25.002822                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst   526.169368                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.040069                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.843220                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.883289                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1401057                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1401057                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1401057                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total        1401057                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1401057                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total       1401057                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           35                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6409503                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6409503                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6409503                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6409503                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6409503                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6409503                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1401092                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1401092                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1401092                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total      1401092                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1401092                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total      1401092                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000025                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000025                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000025                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 183128.657143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 183128.657143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 183128.657143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 183128.657143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 183128.657143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 183128.657143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5458803                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5458803                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5458803                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5458803                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5458803                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5458803                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 188234.586207                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 188234.586207                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 188234.586207                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 188234.586207                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 188234.586207                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 188234.586207                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                 6034                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              221207819                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                 6290                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             35168.174722                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   184.431346                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    71.568654                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.720435                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.279565                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      2075033                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       2075033                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       386935                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       386935                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          930                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          930                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          909                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          909                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data      2461968                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total        2461968                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data      2461968                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total       2461968                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        20676                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        20676                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           42                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           42                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        20718                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total        20718                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        20718                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total        20718                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2334561853                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2334561853                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      4666932                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      4666932                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2339228785                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2339228785                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2339228785                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2339228785                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      2095709                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2095709                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       386977                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       386977                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          930                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          930                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          909                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          909                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      2482686                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2482686                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      2482686                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2482686                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.009866                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009866                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000109                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008345                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008345                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008345                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008345                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 112911.677936                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 112911.677936                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 111117.428571                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 111117.428571                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 112908.040593                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 112908.040593                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 112908.040593                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 112908.040593                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          727                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total             727                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        14651                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        14651                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data           33                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           33                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        14684                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14684                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        14684                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14684                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         6025                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6025                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         6034                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6034                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         6034                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6034                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    622895430                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    622895430                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       789665                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       789665                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    623685095                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    623685095                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    623685095                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    623685095                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002875                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002875                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002430                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002430                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002430                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002430                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 103385.133610                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103385.133610                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 87740.555556                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87740.555556                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 103361.798972                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103361.798972                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 103361.798972                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103361.798972                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              552.727475                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs             1001433366                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  560                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1788273.867857                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    26.558437                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst   526.169038                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.042562                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.843220                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.885781                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1401097                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1401097                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1401097                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total        1401097                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1401097                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total       1401097                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      7006467                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7006467                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      7006467                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7006467                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      7006467                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7006467                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1401139                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1401139                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1401139                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total      1401139                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1401139                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total      1401139                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000030                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000030                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000030                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 166820.642857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 166820.642857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 166820.642857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 166820.642857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 166820.642857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 166820.642857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5809150                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5809150                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5809150                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5809150                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5809150                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5809150                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 176034.848485                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 176034.848485                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 176034.848485                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 176034.848485                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 176034.848485                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 176034.848485                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                 6052                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              221205909                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                 6308                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             35067.518865                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   184.447751                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    71.552249                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.720499                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.279501                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      2073205                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       2073205                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       386871                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       386871                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          914                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          914                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          907                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          907                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data      2460076                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total        2460076                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data      2460076                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total       2460076                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data        20726                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        20726                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data           45                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           45                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data        20771                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total        20771                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data        20771                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total        20771                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2336939006                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2336939006                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      3773009                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      3773009                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2340712015                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2340712015                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2340712015                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2340712015                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      2093931                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2093931                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       386916                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       386916                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          914                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          914                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          907                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          907                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      2480847                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2480847                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      2480847                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2480847                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.009898                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009898                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000116                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008373                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008373                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008373                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008373                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 112753.980797                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 112753.980797                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 83844.644444                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83844.644444                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 112691.349237                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 112691.349237                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 112691.349237                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 112691.349237                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          760                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total             760                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        14683                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        14683                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data           36                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           36                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        14719                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14719                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        14719                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14719                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         6043                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6043                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         6052                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6052                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         6052                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6052                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    623359358                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    623359358                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       589188                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       589188                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    623948546                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    623948546                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    623948546                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    623948546                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002886                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002886                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002439                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002439                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002439                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002439                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 103153.956313                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103153.956313                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 65465.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65465.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 103097.909121                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103097.909121                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 103097.909121                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103097.909121                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              489.813230                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs             1077534030                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  495                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             2176836.424242                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    34.813230                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.055790                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.784957                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1410016                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1410016                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1410016                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total        1410016                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1410016                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total       1410016                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     12665338                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     12665338                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     12665338                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     12665338                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     12665338                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     12665338                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1410067                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1410067                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1410067                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total      1410067                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1410067                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total      1410067                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 248339.960784                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 248339.960784                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 248339.960784                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 248339.960784                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 248339.960784                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 248339.960784                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     10179552                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10179552                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     10179552                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     10179552                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     10179552                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     10179552                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 254488.800000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 254488.800000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 254488.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 254488.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 254488.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 254488.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                 4223                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              160313670                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                 4479                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             35792.290690                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   221.104207                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    34.895793                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.863688                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.136312                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      1123938                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1123938                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       834209                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       834209                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         2179                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2179                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         2027                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         2027                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data      1958147                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total        1958147                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data      1958147                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total       1958147                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        10842                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        10842                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data           63                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           63                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        10905                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total        10905                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        10905                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total        10905                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1206113708                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1206113708                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      6540068                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6540068                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1212653776                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1212653776                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1212653776                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1212653776                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      1134780                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1134780                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       834272                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       834272                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         2179                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2179                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         2027                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         2027                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      1969052                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1969052                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      1969052                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1969052                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.009554                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009554                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000076                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000076                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.005538                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005538                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.005538                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005538                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 111244.577384                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 111244.577384                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 103810.603175                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 103810.603175                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 111201.630078                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 111201.630078                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 111201.630078                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 111201.630078                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          906                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total             906                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         6636                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         6636                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data           46                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           46                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         6682                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         6682                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         6682                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         6682                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         4206                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4206                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         4223                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4223                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         4223                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4223                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    435008949                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    435008949                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      1577632                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1577632                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    436586581                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    436586581                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    436586581                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    436586581                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.003706                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003706                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002145                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002145                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002145                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002145                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 103425.808131                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103425.808131                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 92801.882353                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92801.882353                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 103383.040729                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103383.040729                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 103383.040729                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103383.040729                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              552.349603                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs             1001433139                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  561                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1785085.809269                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    26.296407                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst   526.053196                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.042142                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.843034                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.885176                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1400870                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1400870                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1400870                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total        1400870                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1400870                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total       1400870                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6668525                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6668525                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6668525                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6668525                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6668525                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6668525                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1400908                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1400908                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1400908                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total      1400908                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1400908                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total      1400908                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000027                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000027                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000027                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 175487.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 175487.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 175487.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 175487.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 175487.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 175487.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5989743                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5989743                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5989743                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5989743                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5989743                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5989743                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 176168.911765                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 176168.911765                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 176168.911765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 176168.911765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 176168.911765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 176168.911765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                 6026                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              221205729                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                 6282                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             35212.627985                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   184.431494                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    71.568506                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.720436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.279564                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      2073597                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       2073597                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       386296                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       386296                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          916                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          916                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          908                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          908                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data      2459893                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total        2459893                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data      2459893                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total       2459893                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data        20765                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        20765                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data           45                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           45                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data        20810                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total        20810                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data        20810                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total        20810                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2360936300                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2360936300                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      4520258                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      4520258                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2365456558                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2365456558                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2365456558                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2365456558                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      2094362                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2094362                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       386341                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       386341                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          916                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          916                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          908                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          908                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      2480703                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2480703                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      2480703                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2480703                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.009915                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009915                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000116                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.008389                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008389                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.008389                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008389                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 113697.871418                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 113697.871418                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 100450.177778                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 100450.177778                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 113669.224315                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 113669.224315                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 113669.224315                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 113669.224315                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          764                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total             764                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        14748                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        14748                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data           36                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           36                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        14784                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14784                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        14784                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14784                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         6017                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6017                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         6026                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6026                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         6026                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6026                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    626271158                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    626271158                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       759091                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       759091                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    627030249                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    627030249                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    627030249                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    627030249                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002873                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002873                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 104083.622736                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104083.622736                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 84343.444444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84343.444444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 104054.140226                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104054.140226                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 104054.140226                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104054.140226                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              520.141896                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs             1080582682                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  526                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             2054339.699620                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    30.141896                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.048304                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.833561                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1396205                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1396205                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1396205                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total        1396205                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1396205                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total       1396205                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      8130737                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8130737                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      8130737                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8130737                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      8130737                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8130737                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1396253                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1396253                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1396253                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total      1396253                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1396253                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total      1396253                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 169390.354167                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 169390.354167                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 169390.354167                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 169390.354167                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 169390.354167                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 169390.354167                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6209249                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6209249                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6209249                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6209249                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6209249                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6209249                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 172479.138889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 172479.138889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 172479.138889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 172479.138889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 172479.138889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 172479.138889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                 8192                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              178892054                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                 8448                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             21175.669271                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   228.854036                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    27.145964                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.893961                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.106039                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       968465                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        968465                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       799853                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       799853                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         2205                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2205                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1865                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1865                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data      1768318                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total        1768318                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data      1768318                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total       1768318                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        20999                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        20999                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          110                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          110                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        21109                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total        21109                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        21109                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total        21109                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2571759365                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2571759365                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      9127319                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      9127319                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2580886684                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2580886684                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2580886684                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2580886684                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       989464                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       989464                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       799963                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       799963                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         2205                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2205                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         1865                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1865                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      1789427                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1789427                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      1789427                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1789427                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.021223                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021223                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000138                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000138                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.011797                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011797                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.011797                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011797                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 122470.563598                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 122470.563598                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 82975.627273                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82975.627273                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 122264.753612                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 122264.753612                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 122264.753612                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 122264.753612                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1009                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total            1009                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        12825                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        12825                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data           92                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           92                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        12917                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        12917                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        12917                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        12917                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         8174                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8174                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         8192                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         8192                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         8192                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8192                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    898787890                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    898787890                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      1170213                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1170213                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    899958103                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    899958103                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    899958103                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    899958103                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008261                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008261                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.004578                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004578                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.004578                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004578                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 109956.923171                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109956.923171                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 65011.833333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65011.833333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 109858.166870                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109858.166870                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 109858.166870                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109858.166870                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              575.024180                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs             1108892752                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  582                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1905314.006873                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    33.435631                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst   541.588549                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.053583                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.867930                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.921513                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1365434                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1365434                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1365434                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total        1365434                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1365434                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total       1365434                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      8288545                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8288545                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      8288545                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8288545                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      8288545                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8288545                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1365484                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1365484                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1365484                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total      1365484                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1365484                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total      1365484                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 165770.900000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 165770.900000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 165770.900000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 165770.900000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 165770.900000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 165770.900000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6564945                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6564945                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6564945                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6564945                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6564945                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6564945                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 168331.923077                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168331.923077                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 168331.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168331.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 168331.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168331.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                 9201                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              440735765                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                 9457                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             46604.183673                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   111.166379                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data   144.833621                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.434244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.565756                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      3572879                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3572879                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      1955567                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1955567                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          959                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          959                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          954                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          954                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data      5528446                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total        5528446                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data      5528446                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total       5528446                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        32679                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        32679                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        32709                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total        32709                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        32709                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total        32709                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3947952182                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3947952182                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      3865547                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      3865547                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3951817729                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3951817729                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3951817729                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3951817729                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      3605558                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3605558                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      1955597                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1955597                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          959                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          959                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          954                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          954                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      5561155                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total      5561155                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      5561155                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total      5561155                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.009064                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009064                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.005882                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005882                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.005882                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005882                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 120810.067077                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120810.067077                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 128851.566667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 128851.566667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 120817.442569                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 120817.442569                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 120817.442569                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 120817.442569                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1761                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total            1761                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        23487                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        23487                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        23508                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        23508                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        23508                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        23508                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         9192                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         9192                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         9201                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         9201                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         9201                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         9201                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1025285286                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1025285286                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      1111026                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1111026                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1026396312                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1026396312                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1026396312                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1026396312                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002549                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002549                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.001655                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001655                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.001655                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001655                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 111541.045039                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111541.045039                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 123447.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 123447.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 111552.691229                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111552.691229                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 111552.691229                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111552.691229                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              485.456301                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs             1077535097                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  490                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             2199051.218367                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    30.456301                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.048808                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.777975                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1411083                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1411083                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1411083                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total        1411083                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1411083                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total       1411083                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     10367659                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     10367659                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     10367659                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     10367659                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     10367659                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     10367659                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1411132                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1411132                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1411132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total      1411132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1411132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total      1411132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 211584.877551                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 211584.877551                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 211584.877551                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 211584.877551                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 211584.877551                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 211584.877551                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      7798710                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7798710                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      7798710                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7798710                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      7798710                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7798710                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 222820.285714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 222820.285714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 222820.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 222820.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 222820.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 222820.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                 4214                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              160313972                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                 4470                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             35864.423266                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   221.107882                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    34.892118                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.863703                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.136297                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      1123924                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1123924                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       834550                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       834550                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         2153                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2153                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         2028                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         2028                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data      1958474                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total        1958474                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data      1958474                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total       1958474                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        10797                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        10797                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data           93                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           93                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        10890                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total        10890                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        10890                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total        10890                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1176488994                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1176488994                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      7074889                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7074889                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1183563883                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1183563883                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1183563883                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1183563883                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      1134721                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1134721                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       834643                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       834643                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         2153                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2153                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         2028                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         2028                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      1969364                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1969364                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      1969364                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1969364                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.009515                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009515                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000111                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000111                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.005530                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005530                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.005530                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005530                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 108964.434009                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108964.434009                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 76074.075269                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76074.075269                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 108683.552158                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 108683.552158                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 108683.552158                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 108683.552158                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets        16736                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets        16736                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          909                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total             909                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         6600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         6600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data           76                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           76                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         6676                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         6676                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         6676                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         6676                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         4197                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4197                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         4214                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4214                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         4214                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4214                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    425890603                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    425890603                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      1239506                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1239506                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    427130109                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    427130109                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    427130109                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    427130109                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.003699                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003699                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002140                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002140                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002140                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002140                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 101475.006671                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101475.006671                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 72912.117647                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72912.117647                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 101359.779070                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101359.779070                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 101359.779070                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101359.779070                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              552.604195                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs             1001433110                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  560                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1788273.410714                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    26.551227                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst   526.052968                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.042550                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.843034                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.885584                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1400841                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1400841                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1400841                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total        1400841                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1400841                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total       1400841                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6642923                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6642923                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6642923                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6642923                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6642923                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6642923                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1400881                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1400881                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1400881                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total      1400881                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1400881                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total      1400881                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000029                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000029                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000029                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 166073.075000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 166073.075000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 166073.075000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 166073.075000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 166073.075000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 166073.075000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5785776                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5785776                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5785776                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5785776                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5785776                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5785776                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 175326.545455                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 175326.545455                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 175326.545455                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 175326.545455                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 175326.545455                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 175326.545455                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                 6026                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              221205664                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                 6282                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             35212.617638                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   184.660338                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    71.339662                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.721329                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.278671                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      2073401                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       2073401                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       386426                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       386426                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          917                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          917                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          908                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          908                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data      2459827                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total        2459827                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data      2459827                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total       2459827                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        20752                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        20752                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data           42                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           42                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        20794                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total        20794                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        20794                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total        20794                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2360345164                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2360345164                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      5126633                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      5126633                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2365471797                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2365471797                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2365471797                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2365471797                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      2094153                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2094153                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       386468                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       386468                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          917                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          917                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          908                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          908                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      2480621                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2480621                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      2480621                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2480621                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.009909                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009909                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000109                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008383                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008383                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008383                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008383                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 113740.611218                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 113740.611218                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 122062.690476                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 122062.690476                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 113757.420265                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 113757.420265                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 113757.420265                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 113757.420265                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          726                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total             726                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        14735                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        14735                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data           33                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           33                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        14768                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14768                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        14768                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14768                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         6017                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6017                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         6026                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6026                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         6026                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6026                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    628313119                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    628313119                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       860113                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       860113                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    629173232                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    629173232                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    629173232                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    629173232                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002873                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002873                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 104422.988034                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104422.988034                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 95568.111111                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95568.111111                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 104409.763027                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104409.763027                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 104409.763027                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104409.763027                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              553.552290                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs             1001433176                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  561                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1785085.875223                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    27.383101                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst   526.169189                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.043883                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.843220                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.887103                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1400907                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1400907                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1400907                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total        1400907                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1400907                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total       1400907                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      7447554                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7447554                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      7447554                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7447554                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      7447554                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7447554                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1400948                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1400948                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1400948                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total      1400948                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1400948                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total      1400948                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000029                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000029                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000029                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 181647.658537                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 181647.658537                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 181647.658537                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 181647.658537                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 181647.658537                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 181647.658537                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6133126                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6133126                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6133126                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6133126                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6133126                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6133126                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 180386.058824                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 180386.058824                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 180386.058824                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 180386.058824                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 180386.058824                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 180386.058824                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                 6054                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              221205596                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                 6310                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             35056.354358                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   184.860306                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    71.139694                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.722111                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.277889                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      2073545                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       2073545                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       386216                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       386216                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          915                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          915                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          908                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          908                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data      2459761                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total        2459761                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data      2459761                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total       2459761                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        20792                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        20792                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data           45                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           45                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        20837                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total        20837                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        20837                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total        20837                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2355063587                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2355063587                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      4393965                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      4393965                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2359457552                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2359457552                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2359457552                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2359457552                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      2094337                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2094337                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       386261                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       386261                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          915                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          915                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          908                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          908                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      2480598                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2480598                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      2480598                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2480598                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.009928                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009928                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000117                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000117                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008400                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008400                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008400                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008400                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 113267.775442                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 113267.775442                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 97643.666667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 97643.666667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 113234.033306                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 113234.033306                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 113234.033306                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 113234.033306                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          754                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total             754                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        14747                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        14747                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data           36                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           36                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        14783                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14783                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        14783                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14783                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         6045                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6045                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         6054                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6054                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         6054                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6054                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    627605105                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    627605105                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       660657                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       660657                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    628265762                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    628265762                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    628265762                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    628265762                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002886                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002886                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002441                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002441                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002441                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002441                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 103822.184450                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103822.184450                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 73406.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73406.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 103776.967625                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103776.967625                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 103776.967625                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103776.967625                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              572.403546                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs             1108892327                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  579                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1915185.366149                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    31.151963                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst   541.251582                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.049923                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.867390                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.917313                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1365009                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1365009                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1365009                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total        1365009                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1365009                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total       1365009                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      7881433                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7881433                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      7881433                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7881433                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      7881433                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7881433                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1365057                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1365057                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1365057                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total      1365057                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1365057                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total      1365057                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 164196.520833                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 164196.520833                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 164196.520833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 164196.520833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 164196.520833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 164196.520833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6186565                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6186565                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6186565                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6186565                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6186565                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6186565                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 171849.027778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 171849.027778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 171849.027778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 171849.027778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 171849.027778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 171849.027778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                 9201                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              440735168                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                 9457                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             46604.120546                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   111.160724                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data   144.839276                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.434222                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.565778                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      3572628                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3572628                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      1955171                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1955171                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1008                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1008                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          955                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          955                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data      5527799                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total        5527799                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data      5527799                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total       5527799                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        32589                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        32589                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data           28                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           28                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        32617                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total        32617                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        32617                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total        32617                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3956131828                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3956131828                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      2173552                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2173552                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3958305380                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3958305380                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3958305380                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3958305380                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      3605217                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3605217                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      1955199                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1955199                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         1008                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1008                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          955                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          955                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      5560416                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total      5560416                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      5560416                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total      5560416                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.009039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000014                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000014                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.005866                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005866                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.005866                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005866                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 121394.698457                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121394.698457                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 77626.857143                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 77626.857143                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 121357.126039                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 121357.126039                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 121357.126039                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 121357.126039                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1894                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total            1894                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        23397                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        23397                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data           19                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        23416                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        23416                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        23416                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        23416                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         9192                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         9192                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         9201                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         9201                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         9201                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         9201                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1028149474                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1028149474                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       599222                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       599222                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1028748696                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1028748696                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1028748696                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1028748696                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002550                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002550                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.001655                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001655                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.001655                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001655                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 111852.640775                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111852.640775                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 66580.222222                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66580.222222                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 111808.357352                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111808.357352                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 111808.357352                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111808.357352                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
