
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.093994                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 93993988833                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               606603191721                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 319964                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   405601                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                1782388                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67608204                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 52734.87                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 16873267016                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   21389295970                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         5504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data      3725952                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data      3454080                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data      2377088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data      2286080                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data      2414848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         5504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data      1737088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data      2286720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data      2363008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data      3765376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data      3418240                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data      3434624                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data      2371200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data      2277504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data      2370048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data      2279168                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data      1352064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             41991424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         5504                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         5504                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           78336                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     13231872                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total          13231872                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           43                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data        29109                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data        26985                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data        18571                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data        17860                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data        18866                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           43                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data        13571                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data        17865                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data        18461                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data        29417                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data        26705                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data        26833                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data        18525                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data        17793                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data        18516                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data        17806                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data        10563                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                328058                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks          103374                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total               103374                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst        58557                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     39640322                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst        53110                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     36747882                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst        47663                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     25289787                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst        51748                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     24321555                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst        53110                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     25691515                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst        58557                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     18480841                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst        53110                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     24328364                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst        47663                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     25139991                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst        51748                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     40059753                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst        55833                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     36366581                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst        53110                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     36540890                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst        49024                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     25227145                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst        50386                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     24230315                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst        50386                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     25214889                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst        49024                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     24248019                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst        50386                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     14384579                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               446745845                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst        58557                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst        53110                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst        47663                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst        51748                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst        53110                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst        58557                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst        53110                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst        47663                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst        51748                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst        55833                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst        53110                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst        49024                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst        50386                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst        50386                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst        49024                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst        50386                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             833415                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         140773598                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              140773598                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         140773598                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst        58557                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     39640322                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst        53110                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     36747882                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst        47663                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     25289787                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst        51748                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     24321555                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst        53110                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     25691515                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst        58557                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     18480841                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst        53110                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     24328364                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst        47663                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     25139991                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst        51748                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     40059753                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst        55833                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     36366581                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst        53110                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     36540890                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst        49024                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     25227145                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst        50386                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     24230315                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst        50386                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     25214889                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst        49024                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     24248019                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst        50386                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     14384579                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              587519443                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                 23                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles              225405250                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups       17538205                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15825954                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       918529                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      6592895                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits        6273338                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS         969970                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        40581                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles    185908728                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts            110327401                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches          17538205                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches      7243308                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles            21817255                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles       2884416                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles      4444022                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines        10670379                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes       923103                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples    214112977                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.604491                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.932324                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0      192295722     89.81%     89.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1         779028      0.36%     90.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2        1592993      0.74%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3         668089      0.31%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4        3630058      1.70%     92.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5        3225063      1.51%     94.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6         626534      0.29%     94.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7        1308504      0.61%     95.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8        9986986      4.66%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total    214112977                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.077807                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.489462                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles      184858536                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles      5505581                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles        21737525                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles        68854                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles      1942475                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved      1539109                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          499                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts    129368676                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         2739                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles      1942475                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles      185047834                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles       3964241                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles       951330                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles        21630600                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles       576491                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts    129301927                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents          102                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents       244921                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents       209557                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.FullRegisterEvents         3423                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands    151797988                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups    609031519                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups    609031519                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps    134722847                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps       17075124                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts        15003                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts         7567                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts         1457335                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads     30515685                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores     15437816                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads       140171                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores       748699                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded        129053061                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        15049                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued       124115079                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        65313                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      9899537                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     23709638                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           70                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    214112977                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579671                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.377226                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    170034213     79.41%     79.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     13183405      6.16%     85.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10838733      5.06%     90.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      4677473      2.18%     92.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5940169      2.77%     95.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      5753050      2.69%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3267298      1.53%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       257013      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       161623      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    214112977                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        314366     11.09%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2449341     86.40%     97.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        71078      2.51%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     77852229     62.73%     62.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1084125      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7432      0.01%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     29767459     23.98%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     15403834     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total    124115079                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.550631                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt           2834785                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022840                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    465243233                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    138970793                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    123056040                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses    126949864                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       223319                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1167642                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          492                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3153                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        92480                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        10999                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles      1942475                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles       3636894                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles       164808                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    129068187                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1312                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     30515685                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     15437816                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         7571                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents       112473                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           84                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3153                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       535026                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       541886                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts      1076912                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts    123247517                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     29665925                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       867562                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                  77                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs           45068467                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches       16146338                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores         15402542                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.546782                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent            123060031                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count           123056040                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers        66452863                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers       130914043                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.545932                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.507607                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100000000                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps    117516368                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts     11564243                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        14979                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts       938648                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    212170502                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553877                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377667                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    169573948     79.92%     79.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     15531859      7.32%     87.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      7291624      3.44%     90.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      7212132      3.40%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1959305      0.92%     95.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      8391379      3.96%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       627243      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       456804      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1126208      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    212170502                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts    100000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps    117516368                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs             44693368                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads            29348035                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars              7478                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches         15518718                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts       104500046                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls      1138202                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events      1126208                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads          340124606                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes         260103903                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled               4077000                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles              11292273                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts         100000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps           117516368                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total    100000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.254052                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.254052                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.443645                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.443645                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads      609321910                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes     142896136                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads     154072949                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes        14956                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                 45                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles              225405250                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups       18252967                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted     14928246                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1783570                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7603500                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7204532                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1877444                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        79109                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles    177207825                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts            103560390                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches          18252967                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches      9081976                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles            21707520                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles       5178085                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles      3108591                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines        10896630                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1797330                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples    205379388                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616176                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.967556                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0      183671868     89.43%     89.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1        1179588      0.57%     90.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2        1859363      0.91%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3        2963782      1.44%     92.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4        1224376      0.60%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5        1371011      0.67%     93.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6        1457281      0.71%     94.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7         953104      0.46%     94.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8       10699015      5.21%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total    205379388                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.080978                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.459441                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles      175571557                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles      4757796                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles        21639880                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles        55141                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles      3355011                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved      2992161                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          445                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts    126471407                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         2834                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles      3355011                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles      175843822                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles       1525823                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles      2447297                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles        21427827                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles       779605                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts    126398961                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents        23248                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents       215309                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents       294596                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.FullRegisterEvents        39162                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands    175482094                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups    587989843                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups    587989843                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps    149858656                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps       25623438                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts        32131                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts        17639                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts         2340831                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads     12049636                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores      6471788                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads       195273                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores      1473002                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded        126221268                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        32223                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued       119493216                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       146979                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15989838                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     35473019                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         2999                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    205379388                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581817                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.273697                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    154998893     75.47%     75.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     20219437      9.84%     85.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11059456      5.38%     90.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7534281      3.67%     94.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7050896      3.43%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2025806      0.99%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1584600      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       536342      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       369677      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    205379388                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         27784     12.49%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead        86071     38.69%     51.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       108610     48.82%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    100107136     83.78%     83.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1888270      1.58%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        14489      0.01%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11042953      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6440368      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total    119493216                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.530126                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt            222465                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001862                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    444735264                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    142244632                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    117567398                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses    119715681                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       360296                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2158994                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          290                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1335                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       184386                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         7483                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles      3355011                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles       1019196                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles       106621                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    126253614                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        50001                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12049636                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6471788                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        17625                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents        78195                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           31                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1335                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1042600                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1017264                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts      2059864                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts    117788238                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10385841                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1704978                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                 123                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs           16824607                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches       16572771                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores          6438766                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.522562                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent            117568320                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count           117567398                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers        68740047                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers       179606295                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.521582                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.382726                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts     88027752                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps    107898615                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18355200                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        29224                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts      1821303                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    202024377                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.534087                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.387698                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    158220085     78.32%     78.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     21215129     10.50%     88.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8259950      4.09%     92.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4446991      2.20%     95.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3333171      1.65%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1859881      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1148363      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1026110      0.51%     98.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2514697      1.24%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    202024377                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts     88027752                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps    107898615                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs             16178044                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads             9890642                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars             14580                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches         15488529                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts        97224396                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls      2191829                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events      2514697                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads          325762910                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes         255862824                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled               2860187                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles              20025862                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts          88027752                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps           107898615                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total     88027752                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.560616                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.560616                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.390531                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.390531                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads      531173285                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes     162971147                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads     117951953                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes        29198                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                 22                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles              225405250                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups       17105826                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15267490                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1358923                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     11371329                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits       11154414                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1025338                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        40741                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles    180650038                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts             97141264                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches          17105826                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches     12179752                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles            21648800                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles       4468650                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles      2766006                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines        10926545                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1333994                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples    208166917                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.522856                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.765231                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0      186518117     89.60%     89.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1        3298812      1.58%     91.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2        1662005      0.80%     91.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3        3260735      1.57%     93.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4        1049147      0.50%     94.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5        3018061      1.45%     95.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6         477193      0.23%     95.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7         776520      0.37%     96.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8        8106327      3.89%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total    208166917                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.075889                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.430963                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles      178330519                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles      5126623                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles        21606405                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles        17292                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles      3086074                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved      1622000                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred        15999                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts    108670499                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts        30360                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles      3086074                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles      178588370                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles       3123783                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles      1216359                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles        21370332                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles       781995                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts    108512768                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents          187                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents        84038                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents       633461                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands    142202727                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups    491772637                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups    491772637                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps    115298334                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps       26904393                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts        14561                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts         7368                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts         1672484                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads     19558378                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores      3182489                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads        20544                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores       727496                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded        107949758                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        14611                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued       101075998                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        64837                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     19500155                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     39908796                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          105                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    208166917                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.485553                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.098002                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    163811716     78.69%     78.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14031830      6.74%     85.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     14784850      7.10%     92.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8620978      4.14%     96.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      4433651      2.13%     98.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1109262      0.53%     99.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1317839      0.63%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        30742      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        26049      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    208166917                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        168922     57.15%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead        69557     23.53%     80.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        57095     19.32%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     79265133     78.42%     78.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       792293      0.78%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7194      0.01%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     17856195     17.67%     96.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3155183      3.12%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total    101075998                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.448419                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt            295574                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002924                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    410679324                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    127464790                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     98517590                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses    101371572                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        78599                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      3979786                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          108                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          274                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        79149                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles      3086074                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles       2088376                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles        96958                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    107964443                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5373                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     19558378                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3182489                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         7365                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents        36762                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2129                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          274                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       916622                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       525101                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts      1441723                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts     99799094                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     17604489                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1276904                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                  74                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs           20759533                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches       15172380                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores          3155044                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.442754                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent             98539910                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count            98517590                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers        59600750                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers       129818827                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.437069                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.459107                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts     78453642                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps     88328429                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts     19640572                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        14506                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts      1350371                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    205080843                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.430701                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.301472                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    172193968     83.96%     83.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     12920179      6.30%     90.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8301278      4.05%     94.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2614815      1.28%     95.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4335274      2.11%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       845611      0.41%     98.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       537222      0.26%     98.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       491202      0.24%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2841294      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    205080843                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts     78453642                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps     88328429                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs             18681932                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads            15578592                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars              7238                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches         13552412                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts        77192310                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls      1104872                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events      2841294                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads          310208264                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes         219026522                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled               4013360                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles              17238333                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts          78453642                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps            88328429                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total     78453642                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.873101                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.873101                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.348056                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.348056                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads      463882265                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes     128359767                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads     115409856                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes        14492                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                 46                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles              225405250                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups       18328194                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15028602                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1795019                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7739549                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7176842                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1883396                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        80981                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles    174999034                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts            104122877                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches          18328194                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches      9060238                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles            22912977                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles       5076938                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles      5691168                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines        10777708                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1780875                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples    206857192                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615552                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.966200                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0      183944215     88.92%     88.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1        2480457      1.20%     90.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2        2864791      1.38%     91.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3        1583378      0.77%     92.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4        1837536      0.89%     93.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5        1005297      0.49%     93.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6         680895      0.33%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7        1775853      0.86%     94.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8       10684770      5.17%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total    206857192                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.081312                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.461936                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles      173605938                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles      7111393                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles        22733196                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles       169495                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles      3237167                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved      2975912                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred        16847                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts    127124979                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts        83387                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles      3237167                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles      173871587                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles       2571269                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles      3788904                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles        22648087                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles       740175                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts    127045434                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents          198                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents       194681                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents       344249                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.FullRegisterEvents           46                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands    176555867                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups    591543830                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups    591543830                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps    150958405                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps       25597443                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts        33696                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18964                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts         1988448                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads     12137800                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores      6611456                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads       172962                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores      1463798                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded        126861799                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        33778                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued       119963863                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       167794                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15734827                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36272726                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4129                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    206857192                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579936                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269300                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    156300239     75.56%     75.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     20341249      9.83%     85.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10928855      5.28%     90.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7556447      3.65%     94.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6606559      3.19%     97.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3392215      1.64%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       808111      0.39%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       528550      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       394967      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    206857192                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         32046     12.31%     12.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead       111310     42.76%     55.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       116947     44.93%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    100412123     83.70%     83.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1874643      1.56%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        14700      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11098145      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6564252      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total    119963863                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.532214                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt            260303                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002170                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    447213015                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    142631548                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    117983914                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses    120224166                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       304109                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2135387                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          722                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1147                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       139716                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         7352                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles      3237167                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles       2133544                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles       130629                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    126895684                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        45322                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12137800                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6611456                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18968                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents        92513                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1147                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1043163                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1004842                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts      2048005                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts    118204774                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10421867                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1759089                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                 107                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs           16984630                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches       16544070                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores          6562763                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.524410                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent            117986011                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count           117983914                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers        70128289                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers       183659551                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.523430                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.381839                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts     88647172                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps    108758435                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18138431                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        29649                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts      1805339                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    203620025                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.534124                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.353168                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    159194971     78.18%     78.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     20598345     10.12%     88.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8633454      4.24%     92.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5188198      2.55%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3594500      1.77%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2320501      1.14%     97.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1201540      0.59%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       969285      0.48%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1919231      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    203620025                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts     88647172                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps    108758435                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs             16474153                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads            10002413                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars             14792                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches         15564898                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts        98050288                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls      2212645                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events      1919231                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads          328597062                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes         257030972                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled               2678930                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles              18548058                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts          88647172                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps           108758435                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total     88647172                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.542724                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.542724                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.393279                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.393279                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads      533237581                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes     163750639                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads     118642958                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes        29622                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                 46                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles              225405250                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups       18309676                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15013508                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1791517                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7732838                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7169913                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1881311                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        80881                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles    174804078                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts            104020655                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches          18309676                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches      9051224                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles            22889110                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles       5067955                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles      5797153                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines        10764871                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1777306                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples    206738952                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615272                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.965810                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0      183849842     88.93%     88.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1        2476729      1.20%     90.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2        2864112      1.39%     91.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3        1580961      0.76%     92.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4        1834551      0.89%     93.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5        1004925      0.49%     93.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6         679216      0.33%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7        1774277      0.86%     94.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8       10674339      5.16%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total    206738952                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.081230                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.461483                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles      173401369                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles      7226917                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles        22708446                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles       170417                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles      3231800                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved      2972911                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred        16813                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts    126994246                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts        83278                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles      3231800                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles      173668009                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles       2562113                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles      3908907                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles        22623664                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles       744456                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts    126914635                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents          210                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents       197536                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents       344966                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.FullRegisterEvents            2                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands    176372341                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups    590934027                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups    590934027                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps    150818535                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps       25553787                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts        33528                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18791                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts         1992146                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads     12120105                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores      6604680                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads       172695                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores      1459640                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded        126733601                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        33617                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued       119846478                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       166961                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15709652                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36200782                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3995                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    206738952                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579700                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269151                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    156231082     75.57%     75.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     20325314      9.83%     85.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10917035      5.28%     90.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7544194      3.65%     94.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6601245      3.19%     97.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3388616      1.64%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       808685      0.39%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       527906      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       394875      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    206738952                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         31988     12.34%     12.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead       110349     42.56%     54.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       116966     45.11%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    100317405     83.70%     83.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1872751      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        14686      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11083932      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6557704      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total    119846478                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.531693                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt            259303                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002164                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    446858172                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    142478024                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    117871569                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses    120105781                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       303620                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2126970                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          741                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1158                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       138934                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         7347                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           11                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles      3231800                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles       2124227                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles       130624                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    126767328                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        43528                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12120105                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6604680                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18819                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents        91835                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            2                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1158                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1040898                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1002791                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts      2043689                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts    118090664                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10409824                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1755814                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                 110                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs           16966110                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches       16527053                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores          6556286                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.523904                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent            117873588                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count           117871569                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers        70062376                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers       183485764                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.522932                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.381841                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts     88565010                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps    108657605                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18110938                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        29622                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts      1801774                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    203507152                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533925                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.352955                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    159123876     78.19%     78.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     20578445     10.11%     88.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8623740      4.24%     92.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5186442      2.55%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3590453      1.76%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2318543      1.14%     97.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1199523      0.59%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       968351      0.48%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1917779      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    203507152                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts     88565010                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps    108657605                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs             16458881                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads             9993135                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars             14778                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches         15550430                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts        97959406                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls      2210590                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events      1917779                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads          328357318                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes         256768965                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled               2674816                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles              18666298                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts          88565010                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps           108657605                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total     88565010                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.545082                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.545082                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.392915                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.392915                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads      532731003                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes     163592389                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads     118525993                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes        29596                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                 48                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles              225405250                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups       18548227                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15175950                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1815988                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7814393                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7316856                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1919607                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        82916                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles    178843494                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts            103653701                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches          18548227                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches      9236463                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles            21648484                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles       4930972                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles      4272876                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines        10940314                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1817613                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples    207856242                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.612532                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.954095                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0      186207758     89.58%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1        1008971      0.49%     90.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2        1602440      0.77%     90.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3        2173582      1.05%     91.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4        2234560      1.08%     92.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5        1891874      0.91%     93.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6        1066169      0.51%     94.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7        1577768      0.76%     95.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8       10093120      4.86%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total    207856242                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.082288                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.459855                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles      177027479                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles      6103983                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles        21610203                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles        23544                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles      3091030                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved      3053260                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          359                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts    127224644                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         1885                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles      3091030                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles      177510943                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles       1263872                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles      3728990                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles        21156602                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles      1104802                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts    127181221                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents          166                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents       149532                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents       482375                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands    177462208                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups    591639216                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups    591639216                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps    154115014                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps       23347186                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts        31955                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts        16805                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts         3289680                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads     11917976                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores      6454677                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads        75649                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores      1543809                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded        127039379                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        32070                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued       120756045                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        16594                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     13872269                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     33061205                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1513                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    207856242                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580959                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.271682                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    156727957     75.40%     75.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     21045990     10.13%     85.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10653786      5.13%     90.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8018912      3.86%     94.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6305948      3.03%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2557877      1.23%     98.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1597892      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       837822      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       110058      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    207856242                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         23415     11.70%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead        73612     36.79%     48.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       103059     51.51%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    101562958     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1798707      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        15148      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     10945192      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6434040      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total    120756045                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.535729                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt            200086                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001657                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    449585012                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    140944215                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    118948798                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses    120956131                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       244184                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1906320                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          140                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          500                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        85650                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles      3091030                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles       1014359                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles       107427                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    127071582                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        19141                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     11917976                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6454677                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        16807                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents        90743                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           13                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          500                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1059670                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1016369                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts      2076039                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts    119092320                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10298351                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1663725                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                 133                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs           16732134                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches       16927920                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores          6433783                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.528348                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent            118949019                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count           118948798                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers        68279852                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers       183976544                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.527711                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.371133                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts     89838781                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps    110545187                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts     16526417                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        30557                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts      1838886                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    204765212                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.539863                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.388485                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    159410430     77.85%     77.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     22484218     10.98%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8490216      4.15%     92.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4046234      1.98%     94.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3416856      1.67%     96.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1958118      0.96%     97.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1707559      0.83%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       774181      0.38%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2477400      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    204765212                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts     89838781                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps    110545187                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs             16380680                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads            10011653                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars             15244                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches         15940630                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts        99599990                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls      2276349                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events      2477400                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads          329358792                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes         257234293                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled               2710696                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles              17549008                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts          89838781                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps           110545187                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total     89838781                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.508997                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.508997                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.398566                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.398566                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads      536023554                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes     165696217                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads     117928659                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes        30530                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                 46                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles              225405250                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups       18321012                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15025303                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1795144                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7753444                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7175962                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1882274                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        80822                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles    174993343                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts            104080514                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches          18321012                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches      9058236                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles            22905460                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles       5074771                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles      5692269                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines        10776781                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1781025                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples    206842738                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615299                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.965773                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0      183937278     88.93%     88.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1        2479091      1.20%     90.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2        2868549      1.39%     91.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3        1582051      0.76%     92.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4        1837225      0.89%     93.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5        1005433      0.49%     93.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6         680257      0.33%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7        1772732      0.86%     94.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8       10680122      5.16%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total    206842738                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.081280                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.461748                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles      173594113                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles      7118732                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles        22724738                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles       170297                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles      3234855                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved      2972192                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred        16813                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts    127061998                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts        83459                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles      3234855                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles      173860681                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles       2567191                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles      3795660                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles        22639535                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles       744813                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts    126982601                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents          214                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents       197116                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents       345850                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.FullRegisterEvents           16                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands    176475651                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups    591252853                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups    591252853                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps    150935282                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps       25540369                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts        33664                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18915                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts         1991385                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads     12128153                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores      6606967                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads       173456                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores      1458028                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded        126801299                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        33734                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued       119919276                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       166022                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15696438                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36174589                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4089                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    206842738                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579761                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269123                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    156293989     75.56%     75.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     20350520      9.84%     85.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10925416      5.28%     90.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7546410      3.65%     94.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6604806      3.19%     97.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3388800      1.64%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       809081      0.39%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       528744      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       394972      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    206842738                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         32009     12.36%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead       110578     42.71%     55.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       116295     44.92%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    100378662     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1874035      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        14698      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11091792      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6560089      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total    119919276                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.532016                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt            258882                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002159                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    447106194                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    142532636                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    117943642                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses    120178158                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       304477                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2127252                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          762                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1168                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       136187                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         7349                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles      3234855                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles       2127648                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles       130729                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    126835140                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        46438                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12128153                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6606967                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18928                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents        91768                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1168                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1044654                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1003959                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts      2048613                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts    118162664                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10418537                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1756612                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                 107                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs           16977158                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches       16537864                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores          6558621                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.524223                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent            117945662                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count           117943642                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers        70106867                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers       183588685                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.523252                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.381869                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts     88633648                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps    108741838                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18094559                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        29645                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts      1805540                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    203607883                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.534075                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.353095                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    159189386     78.18%     78.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     20595895     10.12%     88.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8630263      4.24%     92.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5188594      2.55%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3593566      1.76%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2321730      1.14%     97.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1201265      0.59%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       968341      0.48%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1918843      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    203607883                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts     88633648                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps    108741838                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs             16471681                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads            10000901                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars             14790                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches         15562506                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts        98035347                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls      2212311                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events      1918843                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads          328524839                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes         256907716                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled               2678158                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles              18562512                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts          88633648                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps           108741838                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total     88633648                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.543112                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.543112                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.393219                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.393219                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads      533062829                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes     163698245                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads     118595253                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes        29618                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                 22                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles              225405250                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups       17105765                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15266898                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1358610                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     11347173                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits       11156228                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1024915                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        40687                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles    180675962                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts             97137333                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches          17105765                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches     12181143                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles            21650151                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles       4466277                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles      2768892                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines        10927008                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1333655                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples    208195024                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.522763                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.765051                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0      186544873     89.60%     89.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1        3300593      1.59%     91.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2        1662055      0.80%     91.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3        3261387      1.57%     93.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4        1048700      0.50%     94.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5        3019016      1.45%     95.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6         477119      0.23%     95.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7         775102      0.37%     96.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8        8106179      3.89%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total    208195024                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.075889                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.430945                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles      178355979                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles      5129986                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles        21607691                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles        17351                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles      3084013                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved      1622488                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred        16007                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts    108665409                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts        30422                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles      3084013                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles      178613678                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles       3128206                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles      1215262                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles        21371832                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles       782029                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts    108508443                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents          198                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents        84437                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents       633030                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands    142191387                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups    491747747                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups    491747747                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps    115315917                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps       26875465                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts        14558                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts         7363                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts         1671562                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads     19556927                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores      3182284                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads        20768                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores       726940                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded        107945322                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        14610                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued       101085141                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        64842                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     19484192                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     39836003                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           99                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    208195024                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.485531                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.097946                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    163832713     78.69%     78.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14037563      6.74%     85.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     14785733      7.10%     92.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8620051      4.14%     96.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      4435198      2.13%     98.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1110315      0.53%     99.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1316691      0.63%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        30634      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        26126      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    208195024                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        169086     57.17%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead        69595     23.53%     80.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        57064     19.30%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     79273718     78.42%     78.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       792398      0.78%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7196      0.01%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     17856397     17.66%     96.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3155432      3.12%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total    101085141                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.448460                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt            295745                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002926                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    410725893                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    127444376                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     98526197                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses    101380886                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        78157                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      3977181                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          100                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          261                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        78192                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles      3084013                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles       2091217                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles        96561                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    107960003                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5171                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     19556927                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3182284                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         7361                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents        36418                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2092                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          261                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       916606                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       524499                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts      1441105                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts     99806863                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     17604723                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1278278                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                  71                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs           20759990                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches       15174185                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores          3155267                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.442789                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent             98548573                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count            98526197                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers        59605376                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers       129833265                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.437107                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.459092                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts     78463921                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps     88341092                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts     19623442                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        14511                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts      1350052                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    205111011                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.430699                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.301414                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    172217649     83.96%     83.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     12923793      6.30%     90.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8301565      4.05%     94.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2615682      1.28%     95.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4336573      2.11%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       846717      0.41%     98.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       536773      0.26%     98.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       491464      0.24%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2840795      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    205111011                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts     78463921                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps     88341092                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs             18683835                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads            15579743                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars              7240                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches         13554242                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts        77203719                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls      1105134                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events      2840795                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads          310234464                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes         219015528                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled               4012190                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles              17210226                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts          78463921                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps            88341092                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total     78463921                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.872725                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.872725                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.348102                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.348102                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads      463918623                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes     128367164                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads     115407032                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes        14498                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                 23                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles              225405250                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups       17532602                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15820863                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       917557                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      6494380                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits        6269549                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS         969551                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        40815                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles    185853557                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts            110292159                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches          17532602                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches      7239100                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles            21808968                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles       2880665                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles      4455759                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines        10666949                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes       922203                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples    214058501                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.604444                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.932292                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0      192249533     89.81%     89.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1         778231      0.36%     90.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2        1593515      0.74%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3         667284      0.31%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4        3626362      1.69%     92.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5        3225116      1.51%     94.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6         625654      0.29%     94.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7        1308159      0.61%     95.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8        9984647      4.66%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total    214058501                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.077783                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.489306                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles      184808560                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles      5512224                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles        21729210                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles        68775                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles      1939726                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved      1538569                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          491                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts    129324967                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         2733                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles      1939726                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles      184997113                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles       3973009                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles       951411                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles        21622829                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles       574407                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts    129258135                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents           86                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents       244706                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents       208968                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.FullRegisterEvents         2721                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands    151747156                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups    608823511                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups    608823511                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps    134695074                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps       17052055                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts        15001                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts         7568                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts         1453454                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads     30505450                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores     15433421                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads       139396                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores       747596                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded        129010682                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        15047                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued       124077456                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        64426                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      9889954                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     23672859                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           68                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    214058501                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579643                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.377166                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    169990943     79.41%     79.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     13181411      6.16%     85.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10834742      5.06%     90.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      4679041      2.19%     92.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5936783      2.77%     95.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      5751327      2.69%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3265346      1.53%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       257669      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       161239      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    214058501                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        314706     11.10%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2448234     86.39%     97.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        70991      2.51%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     77828293     62.73%     62.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1083781      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7431      0.01%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     29757983     23.98%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     15399968     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total    124077456                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.550464                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt           2833931                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022840                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    465111767                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    138918823                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    123021697                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses    126911387                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       223151                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1163980                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          491                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3147                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        91484                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        11003                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles      1939726                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles       3647674                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles       164026                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    129025813                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1439                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     30505450                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     15433421                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         7569                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents       111861                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           81                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3147                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       534498                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       542332                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts      1076830                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts    123211673                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     29657324                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       865780                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                  84                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs           45056028                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches       16142420                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores         15398704                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.546623                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent            123025640                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count           123021697                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers        66437137                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers       130876141                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.545780                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.507634                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts     99978936                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps    117491571                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts     11546919                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        14979                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts       937667                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    212118775                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553895                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377692                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    169530809     79.92%     79.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     15529292      7.32%     87.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      7289444      3.44%     90.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      7211523      3.40%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1959032      0.92%     95.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      8388914      3.95%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       626720      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       456524      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1126517      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    212118775                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts     99978936                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps    117491571                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs             44683403                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads            29341470                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars              7478                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches         15515435                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts       104478013                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls      1137966                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events      1126517                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads          340030449                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes         260016905                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled               4075313                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles              11346749                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts          99978936                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps           117491571                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total     99978936                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.254527                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.254527                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.443552                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.443552                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads      609149144                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes     142854986                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads     154026971                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes        14956                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                 45                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles              225405250                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups       18263218                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted     14939409                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1782700                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7514018                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7199562                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1877331                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        79186                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles    177185874                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts            103670318                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches          18263218                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches      9076893                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles            21725655                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles       5190031                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles      3126395                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines        10896697                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1796785                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples    205406223                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616700                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.968447                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0      183680568     89.42%     89.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1        1181159      0.58%     90.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2        1861060      0.91%     90.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3        2964305      1.44%     92.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4        1225728      0.60%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5        1364695      0.66%     93.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6        1463660      0.71%     94.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7         950898      0.46%     94.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8       10714150      5.22%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total    205406223                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.081024                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.459929                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles      175550455                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles      4774566                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles        21657791                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles        55551                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles      3367857                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved      2991369                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          444                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts    126597889                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         2866                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles      3367857                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles      175822900                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles       1529081                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles      2459844                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles        21445769                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles       780769                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts    126523907                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents        23842                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents       216643                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents       294572                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.FullRegisterEvents        39150                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands    175660420                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups    588601640                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups    588601640                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps    149867660                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps       25792760                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts        32054                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts        17562                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts         2342040                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads     12055426                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores      6475339                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads       195405                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores      1474516                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded        126341960                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        32132                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued       119529103                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       147447                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     16110627                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     35912936                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         2908                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    205406223                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581916                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.273871                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    155020607     75.47%     75.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     20217407      9.84%     85.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11050985      5.38%     90.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7542154      3.67%     94.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7059468      3.44%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2025264      0.99%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1583716      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       536200      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       370422      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    205406223                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         27849     12.43%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead        87360     39.01%     51.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       108749     48.56%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    100133271     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1891989      1.58%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        14490      0.01%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11045148      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6444205      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total    119529103                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.530285                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt            223958                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001874                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    444835834                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    142486012                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    117606638                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses    119753061                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       359453                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2164172                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          318                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1319                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       187540                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         7477                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles      3367857                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles       1022744                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles       105443                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    126374223                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        51143                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12055426                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6475339                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        17533                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents        76979                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           28                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1319                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1040980                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1018473                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts      2059453                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts    117827722                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10386261                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1701381                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                 131                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs           16828857                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches       16572558                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores          6442596                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.522737                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent            117607570                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count           117606638                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers        68764207                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers       179700102                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.521756                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.382661                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts     88032986                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps    107905149                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18469271                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        29224                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts      1820404                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    202038366                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.534082                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.387738                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    158233049     78.32%     78.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     21215988     10.50%     88.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8259153      4.09%     92.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4447570      2.20%     95.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3332178      1.65%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1859569      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1149394      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1026496      0.51%     98.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2514969      1.24%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    202038366                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts     88032986                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps    107905149                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs             16179053                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads             9891254                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars             14580                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches         15489493                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts        97230280                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls      2191974                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events      2514969                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads          325897232                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes         256116877                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled               2860483                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles              19999027                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts          88032986                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps           107905149                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total     88032986                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.560464                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.560464                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.390554                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.390554                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads      531341754                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes     163028324                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads     118065762                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes        29198                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                 45                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles              225405250                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups       18269696                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted     14942311                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1780694                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7535526                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7203370                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1879158                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        79163                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles    177219426                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts            103700925                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches          18269696                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches      9082528                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles            21727498                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles       5181538                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles      3109571                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines        10896709                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1794660                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples    205418293                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616799                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.968557                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0      183690795     89.42%     89.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1        1178286      0.57%     90.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2        1859538      0.91%     90.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3        2963473      1.44%     92.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4        1226954      0.60%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5        1367217      0.67%     93.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6        1466089      0.71%     94.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7         953916      0.46%     94.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8       10712025      5.21%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total    205418293                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.081053                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.460064                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles      175585849                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles      4756148                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles        21659617                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles        55323                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles      3361353                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved      2994648                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          448                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts    126623386                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         2856                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles      3361353                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles      175856397                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles       1521807                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles      2450240                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles        21449599                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles       778894                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts    126551602                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents        22687                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents       216256                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents       293749                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.FullRegisterEvents        40572                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands    175699260                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups    588725217                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups    588725217                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps    149957796                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps       25741463                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts        32176                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts        17677                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts         2333046                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads     12049857                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores      6479701                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads       195535                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores      1474333                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded        126375606                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        32265                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued       119583716                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       147275                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     16076004                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     35793159                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3025                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    205418293                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.582147                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.274067                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    155009593     75.46%     75.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     20226663      9.85%     85.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11056763      5.38%     90.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7543549      3.67%     94.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7063943      3.44%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2027179      0.99%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1583752      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       536107      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       370744      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    205418293                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         27901     12.52%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead        86109     38.65%     51.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       108804     48.83%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    100177748     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1892895      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        14498      0.01%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11050053      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6448522      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total    119583716                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.530528                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt            222814                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001863                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    444955814                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    142485154                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    117666970                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses    119806530                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       361837                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2152628                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          299                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1303                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       188127                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         7465                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles      3361353                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles       1019960                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles       105647                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    126407998                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        46708                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12049857                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6479701                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        17659                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents        77363                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           27                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1303                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1040623                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1016513                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts      2057136                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts    117887371                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10392635                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1696345                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                 127                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs           16839606                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches       16582468                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores          6446971                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.523002                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent            117667827                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count           117666970                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers        68791915                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers       179756419                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.522024                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.382695                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts     88086043                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps    107970162                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18438024                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        29240                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts      1818425                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    202056940                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.534355                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.388056                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    158227187     78.31%     78.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     21225526     10.50%     88.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8263984      4.09%     92.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4452520      2.20%     95.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3333759      1.65%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1860923      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1149301      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1026269      0.51%     98.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2517471      1.25%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    202056940                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts     88086043                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps    107970162                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs             16188802                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads             9897229                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars             14588                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches         15498836                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts        97288863                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls      2193301                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events      2517471                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads          325947070                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes         256177911                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled               2858697                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles              19986957                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts          88086043                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps           107970162                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total     88086043                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.558921                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.558921                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.390790                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.390790                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads      531618859                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes     163107044                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads     118106410                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes        29214                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                 46                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles              225405250                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups       18298848                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15004388                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1794994                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7724601                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7159250                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1879208                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        80602                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles    174885464                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts            103974276                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches          18298848                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches      9038458                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles            22873749                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles       5071679                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles      5802408                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines        10770761                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1781049                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples    206810326                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614870                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.965288                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0      183936577     88.94%     88.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1        2467896      1.19%     90.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2        2860023      1.38%     91.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3        1581175      0.76%     92.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4        1835099      0.89%     93.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5        1003211      0.49%     93.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6         677521      0.33%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7        1782179      0.86%     94.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8       10666645      5.16%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total    206810326                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.081182                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.461277                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles      173488707                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles      7226270                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles        22693863                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles       169573                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles      3231910                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved      2971275                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred        16798                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts    126955494                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts        83461                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles      3231910                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles      173748059                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles       2524333                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles      3949126                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles        22615174                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles       741721                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts    126882715                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents          216                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents       195700                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents       345118                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.FullRegisterEvents            2                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands    176337588                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups    590774271                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups    590774271                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps    150799112                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps       25538460                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts        33591                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18873                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts         1983859                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads     12117055                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores      6601954                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads       172826                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores      1459281                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded        126714458                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        33661                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued       119845313                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       164838                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15671033                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36120316                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4045                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    206810326                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579494                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.268945                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    156305751     75.58%     75.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     20323831      9.83%     85.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10907402      5.27%     90.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7549319      3.65%     94.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6607675      3.20%     97.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3386487      1.64%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       808001      0.39%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       527300      0.25%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       394560      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    206810326                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         31864     12.21%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead       112221     43.01%     55.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       116805     44.77%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    100325823     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1873087      1.56%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        14684      0.01%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11076215      9.24%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6555504      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total    119845313                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.531688                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt            260890                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002177                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    446926677                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    142420286                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    117873265                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses    120106203                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       304032                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2125200                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          700                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1136                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       137040                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         7342                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles      3231910                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles       2089549                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles       129762                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    126748229                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          238                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12117055                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6601954                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18872                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents        90944                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            3                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1136                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1043007                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1005942                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts      2048949                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts    118086852                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10403038                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1758458                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                 110                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs           16957067                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches       16526804                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores          6554029                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.523887                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent            117875136                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count           117873265                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers        70052294                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers       183480306                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.522939                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.381797                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts     88553602                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps    108643637                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18105764                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        29616                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts      1805446                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    203578416                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533670                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.352669                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    159198959     78.20%     78.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     20580161     10.11%     88.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8622316      4.24%     92.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5180268      2.54%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3593210      1.77%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2316823      1.14%     97.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1202026      0.59%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       968295      0.48%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1916358      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    203578416                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts     88553602                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps    108643637                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs             16456767                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads             9991853                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars             14776                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches         15548447                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts        97946822                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls      2210317                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events      1916358                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads          328410861                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes         256730791                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled               2677920                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles              18594924                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts          88553602                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps           108643637                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total     88553602                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.545410                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.545410                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.392864                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.392864                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads      532689282                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes     163592288                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads     118476240                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes        29588                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                 46                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles              225405250                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups       18319381                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15021556                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1792824                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7754339                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7178176                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1882296                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        80914                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles    175035043                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts            104090456                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches          18319381                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches      9060472                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles            22906304                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles       5067295                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles      5734791                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines        10777757                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1778880                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples    206922627                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615123                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.965500                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0      184016323     88.93%     88.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1        2477497      1.20%     90.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2        2867413      1.39%     91.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3        1582318      0.76%     92.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4        1838835      0.89%     93.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5        1005631      0.49%     93.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6         680888      0.33%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7        1774966      0.86%     94.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8       10678756      5.16%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total    206922627                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.081273                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.461793                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles      173640051                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles      7156650                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles        22727436                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles       168809                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles      3229678                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved      2974212                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred        16817                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts    127077238                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts        83395                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles      3229678                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles      173904731                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles       2506725                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles      3901267                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles        22642716                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles       737507                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts    126999290                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents          215                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents       192507                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents       344248                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.FullRegisterEvents           37                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands    176498367                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups    591348245                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups    591348245                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps    150977014                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps       25521353                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts        33565                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18840                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts         1979884                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads     12119401                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores      6612417                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads       173376                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores      1461290                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded        126816449                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        33647                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued       119945978                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       162662                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15684754                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36096785                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3995                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    206922627                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579666                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.268997                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    156362964     75.57%     75.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     20353106      9.84%     85.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10924406      5.28%     90.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7557350      3.65%     94.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6602483      3.19%     97.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3390489      1.64%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       808086      0.39%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       528827      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       394916      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    206922627                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         31750     12.29%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead       109733     42.49%     54.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       116795     45.22%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    100403104     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1874852      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        14702      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11087636      9.24%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6565684      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total    119945978                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.532135                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt            258278                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002153                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    447235523                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    142536007                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    117975035                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses    120204256                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       303388                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2115738                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          700                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1161                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       139862                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         7348                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            1                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles      3229678                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles       2073091                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles       129350                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    126850207                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        46411                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12119401                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6612417                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18839                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents        91751                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            6                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1161                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1042767                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1002603                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts      2045370                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts    118189549                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10415737                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1756429                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                 111                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs           16979937                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches       16542091                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores          6564200                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.524342                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent            117977018                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count           117975035                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers        70123603                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers       183637938                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.523391                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.381858                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts     88658105                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps    108771869                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18079506                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        29652                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts      1803247                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    203692949                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533999                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.352907                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    159260022     78.19%     78.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     20600588     10.11%     88.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8634929      4.24%     92.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5190676      2.55%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3596588      1.77%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2322237      1.14%     97.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1201125      0.59%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       969164      0.48%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1917620      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    203692949                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts     88658105                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps    108771869                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs             16476218                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads            10003663                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars             14794                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches         15566820                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts        98062405                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls      2212920                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events      1917620                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads          328626106                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes         256932493                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled               2675856                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles              18482623                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts          88658105                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps           108771869                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total     88658105                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.542410                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.542410                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.393328                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.393328                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads      533189438                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes     163736689                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads     118611791                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes        29624                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                 46                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles              225405250                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups       18313650                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15015587                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1791933                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7740337                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7172164                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1882078                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        80748                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles    174875813                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts            104041408                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches          18313650                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches      9054242                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles            22895768                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles       5067548                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles      5807470                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines        10768743                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1778024                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples    206826727                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615144                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.965589                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0      183930959     88.93%     88.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1        2479607      1.20%     90.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2        2862283      1.38%     91.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3        1581995      0.76%     92.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4        1837040      0.89%     93.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5        1005104      0.49%     93.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6         679805      0.33%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7        1773921      0.86%     94.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8       10676013      5.16%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total    206826727                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.081248                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.461575                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles      173478454                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles      7231556                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles        22716756                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles       169107                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles      3230851                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved      2974597                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred        16826                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts    127023621                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts        83370                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles      3230851                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles      173743348                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles       2554061                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles      3927135                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles        22632382                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles       738947                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts    126944998                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents          198                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents       194738                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents       343717                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.FullRegisterEvents           31                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands    176415055                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups    591066757                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups    591066757                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps    150872868                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps       25542187                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts        33653                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18919                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts         1983421                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads     12128508                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores      6607862                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads       173783                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores      1461673                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded        126766091                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        33737                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued       119888009                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       168950                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15702657                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36182342                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4104                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    206826727                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579654                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269074                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    156302811     75.57%     75.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     20325500      9.83%     85.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10925406      5.28%     90.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7550573      3.65%     94.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6601287      3.19%     97.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3390232      1.64%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       808021      0.39%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       527632      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       395265      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    206826727                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         32158     12.36%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead       111162     42.73%     55.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       116802     44.90%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    100344935     83.70%     83.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1873566      1.56%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        14692      0.01%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11094090      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6560726      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total    119888009                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.531878                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt            260122                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002170                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    447031817                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    142503637                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    117911475                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses    120148131                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       303952                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2131750                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          734                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1155                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       139751                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         7346                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles      3230851                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles       2118821                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles       129738                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    126799935                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        42834                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12128508                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6607862                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18935                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents        91825                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            3                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1155                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1041596                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1003387                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts      2044983                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts    118133700                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10418690                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1754309                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                 107                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs           16977873                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches       16535446                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores          6559183                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.524095                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent            117913387                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count           117911475                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers        70078279                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers       183515505                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.523109                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.381866                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts     88597016                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps    108696852                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18104342                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        29633                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts      1802306                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    203595876                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533885                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.352848                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    159194150     78.19%     78.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     20586843     10.11%     88.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8629005      4.24%     92.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5188172      2.55%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3590960      1.76%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2320563      1.14%     97.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1200237      0.59%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       968162      0.48%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1917784      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    203595876                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts     88597016                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps    108696852                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs             16464869                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads             9996758                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars             14784                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches         15556051                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts        97994807                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls      2211395                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events      1917784                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads          328478688                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes         256833304                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled               2675878                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles              18578523                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts          88597016                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps           108696852                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total     88597016                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.544163                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.544163                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.393057                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.393057                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads      532915961                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes     163647544                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads     118554484                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes        29606                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                 46                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles              225405250                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups       18311300                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15019323                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1794008                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7755196                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7176903                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1880818                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        80694                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles    175040495                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts            104031048                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches          18311300                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches      9057721                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles            22900967                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles       5063927                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles      5735838                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines        10776947                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1780032                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples    206919280                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614752                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.964887                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0      184018313     88.93%     88.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1        2478137      1.20%     90.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2        2877962      1.39%     91.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3        1581439      0.76%     92.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4        1835558      0.89%     93.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5        1004671      0.49%     93.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6         679296      0.33%     93.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7        1766975      0.85%     94.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8       10676929      5.16%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total    206919280                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.081237                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.461529                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles      173642053                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles      7161250                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles        22720859                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles       169949                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles      3225166                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved      2968319                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred        16816                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts    126998150                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts        83145                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles      3225166                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles      173907583                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles       2543443                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles      3864559                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles        22635922                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles       742604                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts    126920844                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents          232                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents       194558                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents       346392                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.FullRegisterEvents            4                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands    176418082                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups    590985716                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups    590985716                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps    150986017                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps       25432038                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts        33630                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18894                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts         1985246                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads     12111973                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores      6604485                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads       174174                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores      1457445                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded        126738410                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        33682                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued       119897257                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       159758                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15604312                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     35945624                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4025                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    206919280                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579440                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.268739                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    156369954     75.57%     75.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     20356006      9.84%     85.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10927043      5.28%     90.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7547064      3.65%     94.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6602521      3.19%     97.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3383181      1.64%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       810061      0.39%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       527982      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       395468      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    206919280                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         32153     12.48%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead       109167     42.37%     54.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       116319     45.15%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    100366109     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1874697      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        14703      0.01%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11083855      9.24%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6557893      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total    119897257                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.531919                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt            257639                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002149                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    447131190                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    142377541                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    117930786                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses    120154896                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       305250                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2107737                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          743                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1140                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       131546                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         7353                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles      3225166                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles       2109959                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles       129728                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    126772196                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        46982                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12111973                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6604485                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18867                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents        91677                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1140                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1045195                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1001472                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts      2046667                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts    118143536                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10414079                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1753720                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                 104                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs           16970518                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches       16536737                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores          6556439                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.524138                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent            117932622                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count           117930786                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers        70106650                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers       183556065                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.523194                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.381936                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts     88663444                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps    108778322                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts     17995014                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        29657                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts      1804406                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    203694114                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.534028                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.353000                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    159259902     78.19%     78.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     20603812     10.12%     88.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8631745      4.24%     92.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5190149      2.55%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3596841      1.77%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2322617      1.14%     97.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1201283      0.59%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       969694      0.48%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1918071      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    203694114                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts     88663444                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps    108778322                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs             16477175                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads            10004236                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars             14796                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches         15567705                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts        98068255                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls      2213050                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events      1918071                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads          328548781                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes         256771913                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled               2676090                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles              18485970                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts          88663444                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps           108778322                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total     88663444                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.542257                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.542257                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.393351                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.393351                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads      532996269                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes     163690529                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads     118544471                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes        29630                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                 50                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles              225405250                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups       20410348                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16994273                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1854656                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7742781                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7460095                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2195826                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        85981                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles    177566960                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts            111966322                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches          20410348                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches      9655921                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles            23336598                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles       5164608                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles      6089620                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines        11026346                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1772997                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples    210286309                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.654388                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.029491                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0      186949711     88.90%     88.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1        1430272      0.68%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2        1799547      0.86%     90.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3        2871235      1.37%     91.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4        1210285      0.58%     92.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5        1547836      0.74%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6        1803800      0.86%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7         826330      0.39%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8       11847293      5.63%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total    210286309                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.090550                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.496733                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles      176520840                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles      7236203                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles        23225727                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles        10928                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles      3292603                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved      3106276                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          528                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts    136869346                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         2250                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles      3292603                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles      176699377                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles        573580                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles      6163508                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles        23058020                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles       499214                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts    136027896                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents          135                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents        71905                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents       348412                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands    189981133                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups    632566339                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups    632566339                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps    158989153                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps       30991980                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts        32951                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts        17184                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts         1751550                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads     12739327                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores      6660291                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads        74588                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores      1506266                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded        132806082                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        33075                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued       127414890                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       127731                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     16090754                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     32768629                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1266                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    210286309                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.605911                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326855                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    156299427     74.33%     74.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     24623000     11.71%     86.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10064553      4.79%     90.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5643361      2.68%     93.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7644919      3.64%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2354405      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2313608      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1244936      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        98100      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    210286309                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        878287     79.01%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead       119676     10.77%     89.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       113594     10.22%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    107343387     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1741845      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        15767      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11674046      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6639845      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total    127414890                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.565270                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1111557                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008724                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    466355377                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    148930542                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    124103274                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses    128526447                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        94419                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2405921                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           31                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          634                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        93774                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           12                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles      3292603                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles        436635                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles        54839                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    132839161                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       103855                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12739327                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6660291                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        17184                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents        47731                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           50                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          634                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1098297                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1043632                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts      2141929                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts    125199643                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11484883                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2215247                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs           18124124                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches       17706564                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores          6639241                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.555442                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent            124103678                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count           124103274                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers        74355293                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers       199746817                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.550578                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.372248                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts     92496694                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps    113977167                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18862529                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        31809                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts      1870502                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    206993706                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550631                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.371048                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    158753607     76.69%     76.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     24448012     11.81%     88.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8877499      4.29%     92.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4421076      2.14%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4044344      1.95%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1698133      0.82%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1682375      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       800642      0.39%     98.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2268018      1.10%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    206993706                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts     92496694                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps    113977167                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs             16899923                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads            10333406                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars             15868                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches         16520371                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts       102616875                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls      2353632                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events      2268018                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads          337564734                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes         268972011                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled               2694095                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles              15118941                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts          92496694                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps           113977167                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total     92496694                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.436901                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.436901                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.410357                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.410357                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads      563346302                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes     173412082                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads     126578742                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes        31782                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.replacements                         328237                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tagsinuse                      32762.143483                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.total_refs                          1836287                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.sampled_refs                         361003                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.avg_refs                           5.086625                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.warmup_cycle                              0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           213.230269                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst     3.098020                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data  2442.925723                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst     2.752154                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data  1976.424942                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst     2.679560                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data  1526.830133                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst     3.048193                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data  1611.034040                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst     2.922773                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data  1587.924650                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst     4.049735                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data  1166.315464                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst     2.787881                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data  1612.993162                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst     2.716805                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data  1532.288280                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst     2.983267                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data  2462.304375                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst     3.036734                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data  2014.321442                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst     3.361351                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data  1985.221723                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst     2.530508                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data  1601.288131                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst     2.902595                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data  1587.656107                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst     2.657126                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data  1588.655715                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst     2.744497                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data  1597.636494                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst     2.834604                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   949.034226                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu00.data           421.048537                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu01.data           348.751187                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu02.data           303.860884                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu03.data           334.812127                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu04.data           299.027446                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu05.data           252.783056                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu06.data           339.055748                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu07.data           313.273146                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu08.data           396.059241                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu09.data           343.683874                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu10.data           361.128123                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu11.data           297.709822                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu12.data           348.903800                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu13.data           304.538693                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu14.data           351.443568                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu15.data           242.873555                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_percent::writebacks            0.006507                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000095                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.074552                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000084                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.060316                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000082                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.046595                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000093                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.049165                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000089                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.048460                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000124                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.035593                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000085                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.049225                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000083                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.046762                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000091                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.075144                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000093                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.061472                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000103                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.060584                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000077                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.048867                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000089                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.048451                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000081                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.048482                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000084                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.048756                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000087                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.028962                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu00.data            0.012849                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu01.data            0.010643                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu02.data            0.009273                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu03.data            0.010218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu04.data            0.009126                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu05.data            0.007714                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu06.data            0.010347                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu07.data            0.009560                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu08.data            0.012087                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu09.data            0.010488                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu10.data            0.011021                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu11.data            0.009085                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu12.data            0.010648                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu13.data            0.009294                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu14.data            0.010725                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu15.data            0.007412                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::total                 0.999821                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        43064                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        37052                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        30653                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        31342                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        30401                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        22766                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        31316                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        30725                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        42820                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        37296                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        37212                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        30506                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        31365                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        30619                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        31292                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        21953                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                  520400                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks           195188                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                195188                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data           67                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          119                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data           62                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          138                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          138                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          138                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          137                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data           63                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data           54                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          113                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          118                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          134                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          137                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          133                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          137                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          183                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  1871                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data        43131                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data        37171                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data        30715                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data        31480                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data        30539                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data        22904                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data        31453                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data        30788                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data        42874                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data        37409                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data        37330                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data        30640                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data        31502                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data        30752                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data        31429                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data        22136                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   522271                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data        43131                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data        37171                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data        30715                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data        31480                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data        30539                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data        22904                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data        31453                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data        30788                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data        42874                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data        37409                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data        37330                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data        30640                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data        31502                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data        30752                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data        31429                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data        22136                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  522271                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        29107                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        26985                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        18571                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        17854                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data        18858                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        13571                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        17858                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data        18461                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        29402                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data        26699                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        26832                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        18512                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        17782                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        18501                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        17795                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        10563                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                327963                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data            7                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data           13                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data           11                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data           11                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                  95                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        29109                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        26985                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        18571                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        17860                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data        18866                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        13571                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        17865                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data        18461                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        29417                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data        26705                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        26833                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        18525                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        17793                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        18516                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        17806                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        10563                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 328058                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        29109                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        26985                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        18571                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        17860                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data        18866                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        13571                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        17865                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data        18461                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        29417                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data        26705                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        26833                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        18525                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        17793                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        18516                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        17806                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        10563                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                328058                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6790591                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   4662293648                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5914996                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   4347721614                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5214828                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2961705709                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5951108                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2880355294                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6149601                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3046259928                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6790209                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2175364470                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6253660                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2880963079                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5278945                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2950382824                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5835231                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   4715055674                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6198183                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   4300127436                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6033933                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   4320283039                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5680093                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2994003568                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5677208                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2868487951                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5897749                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2989563092                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5679776                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2872802523                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5829809                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1702026112                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     52762571881                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       357830                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       923528                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      1252908                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      1163335                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      2482906                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      1020853                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       147609                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      1991706                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      1595150                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      2234809                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      1685766                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      14856400                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6790591                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   4662651478                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5914996                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   4347721614                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5214828                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2961705709                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5951108                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2881278822                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6149601                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3047512836                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6790209                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2175364470                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6253660                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2882126414                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5278945                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2950382824                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5835231                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   4717538580                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6198183                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   4301148289                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6033933                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   4320430648                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5680093                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2995995274                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5677208                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2870083101                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5897749                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2991797901                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5679776                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2874488289                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5829809                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1702026112                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      52777428281                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6790591                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   4662651478                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5914996                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   4347721614                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5214828                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2961705709                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5951108                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2881278822                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6149601                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3047512836                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6790209                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2175364470                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6253660                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2882126414                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5278945                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2950382824                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5835231                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   4717538580                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6198183                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   4301148289                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6033933                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   4320430648                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5680093                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2995995274                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5677208                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2870083101                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5897749                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2991797901                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5679776                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2874488289                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5829809                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1702026112                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     52777428281                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        72171                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        64037                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        49224                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        49196                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        49259                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        36337                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        49174                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        49186                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        72222                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        63995                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        64044                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        49018                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        49147                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        49120                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        49087                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        32516                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total              848363                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       195188                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total            195188                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data           69                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          119                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data           62                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          144                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          146                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          138                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          144                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           63                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data           69                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          119                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          119                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          147                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          148                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          148                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          148                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          183                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              1966                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        72240                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        64156                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        49286                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        49340                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        49405                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        36475                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        49318                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        49249                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        72291                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        64114                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        64163                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        49165                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        49295                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        49268                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        49235                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        32699                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               850329                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           44                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        72240                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        64156                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        49286                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        49340                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        49405                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           45                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        36475                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        49318                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        49249                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        72291                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        64114                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        64163                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        49165                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        49295                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        49268                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        49235                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        32699                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              850329                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.977273                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.403306                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.421397                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.377275                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.362916                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.382834                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.955556                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.373476                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.363159                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.375330                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.407106                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.976190                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.417204                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.418962                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.377657                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.361813                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.376649                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.362520                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.324855                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.386583                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.028986                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.041667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.054795                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.048611                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.217391                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.050420                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008403                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.088435                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.074324                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.101351                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.074324                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.048321                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.977273                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.402949                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.420615                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.376801                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.361978                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.381864                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.955556                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.372063                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.362241                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.374850                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.406925                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.976190                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.416524                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.418201                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.376792                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.360949                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.375822                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.361653                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.323037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.385801                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.977273                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.402949                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.420615                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.376801                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.361978                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.381864                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.955556                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.372063                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.362241                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.374850                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.406925                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.976190                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.416524                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.418201                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.376792                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.360949                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.375822                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.361653                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.323037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.385801                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 157920.720930                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 160177.745834                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 151666.564103                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 161116.235464                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 148995.085714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 159480.141565                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 156608.105263                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 161328.290243                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 157682.076923                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 161536.744512                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 157911.837209                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 160295.075529                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 160350.256410                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 161326.188767                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst       150827                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 159817.064298                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 153558.710526                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 160365.134141                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 151175.195122                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 161059.494213                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 154716.230769                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 161012.337470                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 157780.361111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 161733.122731                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 153438.054054                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 161314.135137                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 159398.621622                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 161589.270418                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 157771.555556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 161438.748131                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 157562.405405                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 161130.939316                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 160879.647646                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       178915                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 153921.333333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 156613.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 166190.714286                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 165527.066667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 170142.166667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       147609                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 153208.153846                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 145013.636364                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 148987.266667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 153251.454545                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 156383.157895                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 157920.720930                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 160179.033220                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 151666.564103                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 161116.235464                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 148995.085714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 159480.141565                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 156608.105263                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 161325.801904                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 157682.076923                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 161534.656843                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 157911.837209                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 160295.075529                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 160350.256410                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 161328.094822                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst       150827                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 159817.064298                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 153558.710526                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 160367.766258                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 151175.195122                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 161061.534881                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 154716.230769                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 161011.837961                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 157780.361111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 161727.140297                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 153438.054054                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 161304.057832                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 159398.621622                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 161579.061406                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 157771.555556                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 161433.690273                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 157562.405405                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 161130.939316                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 160878.345540                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 157920.720930                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 160179.033220                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 151666.564103                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 161116.235464                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 148995.085714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 159480.141565                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 156608.105263                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 161325.801904                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 157682.076923                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 161534.656843                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 157911.837209                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 160295.075529                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 160350.256410                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 161328.094822                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst       150827                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 159817.064298                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 153558.710526                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 160367.766258                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 151175.195122                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 161061.534881                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 154716.230769                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 161011.837961                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 157780.361111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 161727.140297                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 153438.054054                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 161304.057832                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 159398.621622                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 161579.061406                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 157771.555556                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 161433.690273                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 157562.405405                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 161130.939316                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 160878.345540                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               103374                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    103374                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        29107                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        26985                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        18571                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        17854                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        18858                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        13571                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        17858                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        18461                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        29402                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        26699                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        26832                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        18512                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        17782                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        18501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        17795                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        10563                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           327963                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data            7                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data           13                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data           11                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data           11                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total             95                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        29109                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        26985                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        18571                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        17860                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        18866                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        13571                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        17865                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        18461                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        29417                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        26705                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        26833                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        18525                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        17793                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        18516                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        17806                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        10563                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            328058                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        29109                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        26985                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        18571                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        17860                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        18866                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        13571                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        17865                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        18461                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        29417                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        26705                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        26833                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        18525                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        17793                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        18516                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        17806                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        10563                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           328058                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      4289776                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2968093562                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3644443                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2776428621                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3178200                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1880022460                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3744498                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1840563507                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3883999                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1947943797                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4287247                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1385125839                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3990945                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1840939690                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3242376                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1875093102                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3624238                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3003638434                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3815112                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2745608525                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3765299                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2758008965                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3587350                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1915874646                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3529641                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1832987367                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3752122                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1912167752                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3590304                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1836604243                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3677572                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1086938657                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  33665642289                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       241902                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       574305                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       787134                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       755999                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      1609498                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       671837                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data        89279                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      1232596                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       953060                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      1359321                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      1045117                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9320048                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      4289776                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2968335464                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3644443                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2776428621                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3178200                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1880022460                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3744498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1841137812                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3883999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1948730931                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4287247                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1385125839                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3990945                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1841695689                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3242376                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1875093102                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3624238                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3005247932                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3815112                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2746280362                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3765299                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2758098244                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3587350                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1917107242                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3529641                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1833940427                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3752122                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1913527073                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3590304                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1837649360                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3677572                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1086938657                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  33674962337                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      4289776                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2968335464                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3644443                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2776428621                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3178200                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1880022460                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3744498                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1841137812                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3883999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1948730931                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4287247                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1385125839                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3990945                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1841695689                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3242376                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1875093102                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3624238                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3005247932                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3815112                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2746280362                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3765299                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2758098244                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3587350                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1917107242                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3529641                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1833940427                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3752122                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1913527073                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3590304                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1837649360                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3677572                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1086938657                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  33674962337                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.977273                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.403306                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.421397                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.377275                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.362916                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.382834                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.955556                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.373476                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.363159                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.375330                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.407106                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.976190                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.417204                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.418962                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.377657                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.361813                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.376649                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.362520                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.324855                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.386583                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.028986                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.041667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.054795                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.048611                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.217391                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.050420                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008403                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.088435                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.074324                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.101351                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.074324                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.048321                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.977273                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.402949                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.420615                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.376801                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.361978                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.381864                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.955556                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.372063                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.362241                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.374850                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.406925                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.976190                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.416524                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.418201                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.376792                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.360949                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.375822                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.361653                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.323037                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.385801                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.977273                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.402949                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.420615                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.376801                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.361978                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.381864                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.955556                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.372063                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.362241                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.374850                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.406925                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.976190                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.416524                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.418201                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.376792                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.360949                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.375822                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.361653                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.323037                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.385801                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 99762.232558                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 101971.813035                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 93447.256410                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 102887.849583                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 90805.714286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 101234.314792                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 98539.421053                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 103089.700179                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 99589.717949                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 103295.354598                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 99703.418605                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 102065.127036                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 102331.923077                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 103087.674432                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 92639.314286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 101570.505498                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 95374.684211                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 102157.623087                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 93051.512195                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 102835.631484                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 96546.128205                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 102788.050276                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 99648.611111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 103493.660653                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 95395.702703                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 103081.057643                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 101408.702703                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 103354.832279                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 99730.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 103209.004945                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 99393.837838                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 102900.563950                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102650.732824                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       120951                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 95717.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 98391.750000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 107999.857143                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 107299.866667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 111972.833333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data        89279                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 94815.076923                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 86641.818182                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 90621.400000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 95010.636364                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98105.768421                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 99762.232558                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 101973.117043                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 93447.256410                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 102887.849583                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 90805.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 101234.314792                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 98539.421053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 103087.223516                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 99589.717949                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 103293.275257                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 99703.418605                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 102065.127036                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 102331.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 103089.599160                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 92639.314286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 101570.505498                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 95374.684211                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 102160.245164                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 93051.512195                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 102837.684404                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 96546.128205                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 102787.546827                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 99648.611111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 103487.570418                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 95395.702703                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 103070.894565                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 101408.702703                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 103344.516796                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 99730.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 103203.940245                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 99393.837838                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 102900.563950                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102649.416679                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 99762.232558                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 101973.117043                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 93447.256410                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 102887.849583                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 90805.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 101234.314792                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 98539.421053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 103087.223516                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 99589.717949                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 103293.275257                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 99703.418605                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 102065.127036                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 102331.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 103089.599160                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 92639.314286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 101570.505498                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 95374.684211                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 102160.245164                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 93051.512195                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 102837.684404                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 96546.128205                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 102787.546827                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 99648.611111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 103487.570418                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 95395.702703                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 103070.894565                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 101408.702703                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 103344.516796                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 99730.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 103203.940245                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 99393.837838                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 102900.563950                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102649.416679                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    3                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              580.956386                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1010678213                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  587                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1721768.676320                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    40.825550                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst   540.130835                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.065426                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.865594                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.931020                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     10670323                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10670323                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     10670323                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total       10670323                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     10670323                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total      10670323                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      9769605                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9769605                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      9769605                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9769605                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      9769605                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9769605                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     10670379                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10670379                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     10670379                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total     10670379                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     10670379                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total     10670379                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 174457.232143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 174457.232143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 174457.232143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 174457.232143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 174457.232143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 174457.232143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      8245290                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8245290                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      8245290                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      8245290                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      8245290                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      8245290                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 187392.954545                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 187392.954545                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 187392.954545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 187392.954545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 187392.954545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 187392.954545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                72240                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              432110052                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                72496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs              5960.467502                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   111.880887                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data   144.119113                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.437035                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.562965                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data     27995932                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      27995932                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data     15329926                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     15329926                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         7490                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7490                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         7478                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7478                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data     43325858                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total       43325858                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data     43325858                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total      43325858                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data       256138                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       256138                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          225                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          225                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data       256363                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total       256363                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data       256363                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total       256363                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  30801897367                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  30801897367                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     20004551                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     20004551                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  30821901918                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  30821901918                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  30821901918                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  30821901918                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     28252070                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     28252070                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     15330151                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     15330151                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         7490                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7490                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         7478                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7478                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     43582221                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total     43582221                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     43582221                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total     43582221                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.009066                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009066                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.005882                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005882                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.005882                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005882                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 120255.086582                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120255.086582                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 88909.115556                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88909.115556                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 120227.575422                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 120227.575422                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 120227.575422                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 120227.575422                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        13982                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total           13982                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       183967                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       183967                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          156                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          156                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       184123                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       184123                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       184123                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       184123                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        72171                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        72171                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        72240                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        72240                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        72240                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        72240                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   7980389469                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7980389469                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      5092703                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5092703                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   7985482172                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7985482172                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   7985482172                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7985482172                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002555                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002555                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.001658                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001658                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.001658                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001658                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 110576.124330                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110576.124330                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 73807.289855                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73807.289855                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 110541.004596                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110541.004596                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 110541.004596                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110541.004596                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              528.435224                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs              987000096                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  530                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1862264.332075                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    38.435224                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.061595                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.846851                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     10896581                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10896581                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     10896581                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total       10896581                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     10896581                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total      10896581                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      7722259                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7722259                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      7722259                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7722259                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      7722259                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7722259                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     10896630                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10896630                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     10896630                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total     10896630                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     10896630                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total     10896630                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 157597.122449                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 157597.122449                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 157597.122449                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 157597.122449                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 157597.122449                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 157597.122449                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6446268                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6446268                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6446268                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6446268                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6446268                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6446268                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 161156.700000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161156.700000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 161156.700000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161156.700000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 161156.700000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161156.700000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                64156                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              175154062                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                64412                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs              2719.276874                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   234.303456                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    21.696544                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.915248                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.084752                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      7553180                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7553180                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      6257187                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6257187                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        17471                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17471                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        14599                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        14599                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data     13810367                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total       13810367                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data     13810367                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total      13810367                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data       162857                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       162857                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          722                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          722                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data       163579                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total       163579                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data       163579                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total       163579                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  20046741098                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  20046741098                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     62180573                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     62180573                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  20108921671                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  20108921671                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  20108921671                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  20108921671                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      7716037                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7716037                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      6257909                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6257909                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        17471                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17471                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        14599                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        14599                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     13973946                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total     13973946                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     13973946                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total     13973946                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.021106                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021106                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000115                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.011706                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011706                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.011706                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011706                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 123094.132263                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123094.132263                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 86122.677285                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86122.677285                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 122930.948783                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 122930.948783                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 122930.948783                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 122930.948783                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7786                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total            7786                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        98820                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        98820                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data          603                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          603                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        99423                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        99423                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        99423                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        99423                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        64037                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        64037                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          119                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          119                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        64156                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        64156                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        64156                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        64156                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   7125929252                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7125929252                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      8021851                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8021851                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   7133951103                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7133951103                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   7133951103                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7133951103                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008299                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008299                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.004591                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004591                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.004591                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004591                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 111278.311788                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111278.311788                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 67410.512605                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67410.512605                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 111196.943435                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111196.943435                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 111196.943435                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111196.943435                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              559.656757                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs              898742351                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  563                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1596345.206039                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    34.498791                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst   525.157965                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.055287                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.841599                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.896886                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     10926504                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10926504                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     10926504                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total       10926504                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     10926504                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total      10926504                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6573273                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6573273                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6573273                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6573273                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6573273                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6573273                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     10926545                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10926545                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     10926545                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total     10926545                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     10926545                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total     10926545                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 160323.731707                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 160323.731707                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 160323.731707                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 160323.731707                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 160323.731707                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 160323.731707                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5779590                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5779590                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5779590                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5779590                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5779590                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5779590                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 160544.166667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160544.166667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 160544.166667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160544.166667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 160544.166667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160544.166667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                49286                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              216592370                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                49542                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs              4371.893949                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   200.182236                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    55.817764                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.781962                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.218038                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data     16078272                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      16078272                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      3088399                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3088399                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         7303                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7303                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         7246                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7246                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data     19166671                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total       19166671                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data     19166671                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total      19166671                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data       172376                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       172376                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          296                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          296                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data       172672                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total       172672                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data       172672                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total       172672                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  19767573148                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  19767573148                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     24999480                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     24999480                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  19792572628                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  19792572628                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  19792572628                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  19792572628                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     16250648                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     16250648                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      3088695                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3088695                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         7303                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7303                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         7246                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7246                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     19339343                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total     19339343                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     19339343                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total     19339343                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.010607                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010607                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000096                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000096                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.008929                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008929                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.008929                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008929                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 114677.061470                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 114677.061470                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 84457.702703                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84457.702703                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 114625.258455                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 114625.258455                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 114625.258455                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 114625.258455                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         5582                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total            5582                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       123152                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       123152                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          234                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          234                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       123386                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       123386                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       123386                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       123386                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        49224                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        49224                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data           62                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           62                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        49286                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        49286                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        49286                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        49286                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   5223082145                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5223082145                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      4057050                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4057050                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   5227139195                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5227139195                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   5227139195                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5227139195                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002548                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002548                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002548                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002548                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 106108.445982                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106108.445982                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 65436.290323                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65436.290323                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 106057.281885                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106057.281885                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 106057.281885                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106057.281885                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              519.071019                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs              982457000                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  521                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1885714.011516                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    37.071019                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.059409                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.831845                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     10777659                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10777659                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     10777659                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total       10777659                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     10777659                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total      10777659                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     12090697                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     12090697                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     12090697                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     12090697                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     12090697                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     12090697                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     10777708                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10777708                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     10777708                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total     10777708                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     10777708                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total     10777708                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 246748.918367                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 246748.918367                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 246748.918367                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 246748.918367                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 246748.918367                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 246748.918367                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      9578061                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9578061                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      9578061                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      9578061                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      9578061                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      9578061                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 245591.307692                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 245591.307692                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 245591.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 245591.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 245591.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 245591.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                49340                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              166469910                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                49596                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs              3356.518872                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   234.020916                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    21.979084                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.914144                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.085856                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      7606727                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7606727                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      6436329                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6436329                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        16149                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        16149                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        14811                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        14811                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data     14043056                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total       14043056                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data     14043056                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total      14043056                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data       169327                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       169327                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3730                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3730                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data       173057                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total       173057                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data       173057                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total       173057                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  22161619459                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  22161619459                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    466194487                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    466194487                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  22627813946                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  22627813946                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  22627813946                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  22627813946                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      7776054                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7776054                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      6440059                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6440059                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        16149                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        16149                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        14811                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        14811                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     14216113                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14216113                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     14216113                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14216113                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.021775                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021775                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000579                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000579                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.012173                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012173                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.012173                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012173                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 130880.600607                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 130880.600607                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 124985.117158                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 124985.117158                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 130753.531761                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 130753.531761                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 130753.531761                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 130753.531761                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        17231                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total           17231                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data       120131                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       120131                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         3586                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         3586                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data       123717                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       123717                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data       123717                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       123717                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        49196                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        49196                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          144                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          144                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        49340                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        49340                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        49340                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        49340                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   5188038036                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5188038036                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     10575669                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10575669                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   5198613705                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5198613705                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   5198613705                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5198613705                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.006327                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006327                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.003471                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003471                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.003471                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003471                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 105456.501260                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105456.501260                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 73442.145833                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73442.145833                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 105363.066579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105363.066579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 105363.066579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105363.066579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              519.505366                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs              982444162                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  522                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1882076.938697                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    38.458251                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst   481.047115                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.061632                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.770909                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.832541                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     10764821                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10764821                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     10764821                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total       10764821                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     10764821                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total      10764821                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     11166902                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     11166902                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     11166902                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     11166902                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     11166902                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     11166902                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     10764871                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10764871                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     10764871                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total     10764871                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     10764871                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total     10764871                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 223338.040000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 223338.040000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 223338.040000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 223338.040000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 223338.040000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 223338.040000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      8876470                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8876470                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      8876470                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      8876470                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      8876470                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      8876470                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 221911.750000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 221911.750000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 221911.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 221911.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 221911.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 221911.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                49405                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              166454872                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                49661                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs              3351.822799                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   234.019171                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    21.980829                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.914137                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.085863                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      7597759                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7597759                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      6430372                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6430372                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        16049                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        16049                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        14798                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        14798                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data     14028131                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total       14028131                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data     14028131                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total      14028131                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data       168998                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       168998                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3722                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3722                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data       172720                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total       172720                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data       172720                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total       172720                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  22224492173                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  22224492173                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    463626666                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    463626666                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  22688118839                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  22688118839                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  22688118839                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  22688118839                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      7766757                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7766757                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      6434094                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6434094                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        16049                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        16049                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        14798                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        14798                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     14200851                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14200851                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     14200851                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14200851                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.021759                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021759                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000578                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000578                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.012163                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012163                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.012163                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012163                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 131507.427147                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 131507.427147                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 124563.854379                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 124563.854379                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 131357.797817                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 131357.797817                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 131357.797817                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 131357.797817                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       121546                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       121546                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        16405                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total           16405                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       119739                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       119739                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         3576                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         3576                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       123315                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       123315                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       123315                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       123315                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        49259                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        49259                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          146                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          146                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        49405                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        49405                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        49405                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        49405                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   5296639294                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5296639294                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     11022738                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11022738                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   5307662032                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5307662032                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   5307662032                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5307662032                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.006342                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006342                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003479                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003479                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003479                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003479                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 107526.326032                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107526.326032                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 75498.205479                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75498.205479                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 107431.677603                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107431.677603                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 107431.677603                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107431.677603                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              518.889008                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs              981390623                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  520                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1887289.659615                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    43.889008                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.070335                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.831553                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     10940261                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10940261                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     10940261                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total       10940261                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     10940261                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total      10940261                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      8904135                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8904135                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      8904135                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8904135                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      8904135                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8904135                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     10940314                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10940314                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     10940314                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total     10940314                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     10940314                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total     10940314                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 168002.547170                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 168002.547170                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 168002.547170                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 168002.547170                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 168002.547170                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 168002.547170                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           45                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           45                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      7535046                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7535046                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      7535046                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7535046                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      7535046                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7535046                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 167445.466667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167445.466667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 167445.466667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167445.466667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 167445.466667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167445.466667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                36475                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              160514608                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                36731                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs              4370.003757                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   233.747356                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    22.252644                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.913076                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.086924                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      7532403                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7532403                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      6338932                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6338932                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        16691                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        16691                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        15265                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15265                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data     13871335                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total       13871335                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data     13871335                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total      13871335                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data       116566                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       116566                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          812                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          812                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data       117378                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total       117378                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data       117378                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total       117378                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  14596405484                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  14596405484                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     70457060                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     70457060                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  14666862544                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  14666862544                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  14666862544                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  14666862544                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      7648969                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7648969                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      6339744                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6339744                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        16691                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        16691                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        15265                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15265                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     13988713                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total     13988713                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     13988713                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total     13988713                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.015239                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015239                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000128                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000128                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008391                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008391                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008391                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008391                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 125220.094058                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 125220.094058                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 86769.778325                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86769.778325                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 124954.101654                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 124954.101654                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 124954.101654                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 124954.101654                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7660                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total            7660                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        80229                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        80229                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          674                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          674                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        80903                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        80903                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        80903                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        80903                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        36337                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36337                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          138                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          138                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        36475                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        36475                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        36475                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        36475                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   3845298953                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3845298953                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      9244834                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9244834                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   3854543787                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3854543787                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   3854543787                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3854543787                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.004751                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004751                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002607                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002607                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002607                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002607                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 105823.236728                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105823.236728                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 66991.550725                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66991.550725                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 105676.320411                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105676.320411                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 105676.320411                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105676.320411                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              519.028632                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs              982456073                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  522                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1882099.756705                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    37.959599                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst   481.069033                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.060833                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.770944                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.831777                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     10776732                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10776732                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     10776732                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total       10776732                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     10776732                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total      10776732                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     11626439                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     11626439                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     11626439                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     11626439                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     11626439                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     11626439                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     10776781                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10776781                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     10776781                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total     10776781                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     10776781                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total     10776781                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 237274.265306                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 237274.265306                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 237274.265306                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 237274.265306                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 237274.265306                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 237274.265306                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      9337024                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9337024                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      9337024                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      9337024                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      9337024                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      9337024                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 233425.600000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 233425.600000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 233425.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 233425.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 233425.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 233425.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                49318                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              166465614                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                49574                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs              3357.921774                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   234.020779                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    21.979221                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.914144                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.085856                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      7603453                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7603453                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      6435373                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6435373                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        16085                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        16085                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        14809                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        14809                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data     14038826                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total       14038826                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data     14038826                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total      14038826                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data       169339                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       169339                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3730                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3730                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data       173069                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total       173069                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data       173069                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total       173069                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  22171619480                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  22171619480                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    472828268                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    472828268                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  22644447748                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  22644447748                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  22644447748                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  22644447748                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      7772792                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7772792                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      6439103                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6439103                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        16085                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        16085                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        14809                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        14809                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     14211895                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14211895                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     14211895                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14211895                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.021786                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021786                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000579                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000579                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.012178                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012178                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.012178                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012178                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 130930.379180                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 130930.379180                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 126763.610724                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 126763.610724                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 130840.576579                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 130840.576579                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 130840.576579                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 130840.576579                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        17325                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total           17325                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       120165                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       120165                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         3586                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         3586                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       123751                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       123751                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       123751                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       123751                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        49174                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        49174                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          144                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          144                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        49318                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        49318                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        49318                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        49318                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   5189283277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5189283277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     10730096                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10730096                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   5200013373                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5200013373                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   5200013373                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5200013373                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.006326                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006326                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.003470                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003470                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.003470                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003470                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 105529.004698                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105529.004698                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 74514.555556                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74514.555556                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 105438.447889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105438.447889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 105438.447889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105438.447889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              558.904065                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs              898742814                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  563                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1596346.028419                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    33.705564                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst   525.198501                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.054015                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.841664                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.895680                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     10926967                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10926967                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     10926967                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total       10926967                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     10926967                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total      10926967                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6545864                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6545864                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6545864                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6545864                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6545864                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6545864                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     10927008                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10927008                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     10927008                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total     10927008                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     10927008                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total     10927008                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 159655.219512                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 159655.219512                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 159655.219512                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 159655.219512                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 159655.219512                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 159655.219512                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5763005                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5763005                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5763005                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5763005                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5763005                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5763005                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 160083.472222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160083.472222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 160083.472222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160083.472222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 160083.472222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160083.472222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                49249                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              216593562                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                49505                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs              4375.185577                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   200.246522                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    55.753478                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.782213                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.217787                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data     16078727                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      16078727                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      3089136                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3089136                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         7300                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7300                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         7249                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7249                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data     19167863                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total       19167863                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data     19167863                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total      19167863                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data       172343                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       172343                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          306                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          306                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data       172649                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total       172649                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data       172649                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total       172649                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  19750456300                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  19750456300                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     26498301                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     26498301                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  19776954601                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  19776954601                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  19776954601                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  19776954601                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     16251070                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     16251070                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      3089442                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3089442                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         7300                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7300                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         7249                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7249                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     19340512                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total     19340512                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     19340512                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total     19340512                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.010605                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010605                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000099                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000099                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008927                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008927                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008927                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008927                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 114599.701177                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 114599.701177                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 86595.754902                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86595.754902                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 114550.067484                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 114550.067484                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 114550.067484                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 114550.067484                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         5584                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total            5584                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       123157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       123157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          243                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          243                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       123400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       123400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       123400                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       123400                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        49186                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        49186                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data           63                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           63                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        49249                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        49249                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        49249                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        49249                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   5212414526                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5212414526                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      4146192                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4146192                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   5216560718                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5216560718                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   5216560718                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5216560718                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.003027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002546                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002546                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002546                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002546                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 105973.539747                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105973.539747                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 65812.571429                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65812.571429                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 105922.165283                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105922.165283                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 105922.165283                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105922.165283                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              578.348649                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs             1010674790                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  582                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1736554.621993                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    37.318816                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst   541.029834                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.059806                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.867035                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.926841                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     10666900                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10666900                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     10666900                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total       10666900                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     10666900                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total      10666900                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      8793771                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8793771                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      8793771                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8793771                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      8793771                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8793771                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     10666949                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10666949                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     10666949                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total     10666949                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     10666949                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total     10666949                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 179464.714286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 179464.714286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 179464.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 179464.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 179464.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 179464.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      7265451                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7265451                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      7265451                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7265451                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      7265451                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7265451                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 186293.615385                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 186293.615385                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 186293.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 186293.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 186293.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 186293.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                72291                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              432098308                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                72547                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs              5956.115456                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   111.880246                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data   144.119754                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.437032                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.562968                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data     27987588                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      27987588                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data     15326528                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     15326528                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         7488                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7488                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         7478                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7478                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data     43314116                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total       43314116                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data     43314116                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total      43314116                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data       256296                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       256296                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          226                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          226                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data       256522                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total       256522                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data       256522                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total       256522                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  30896561890                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  30896561890                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     25321889                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     25321889                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  30921883779                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  30921883779                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  30921883779                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  30921883779                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     28243884                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     28243884                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     15326754                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     15326754                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         7488                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7488                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         7478                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7478                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     43570638                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total     43570638                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     43570638                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total     43570638                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.009074                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009074                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.005887                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005887                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.005887                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005887                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 120550.308589                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120550.308589                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 112043.756637                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 112043.756637                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 120542.814180                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 120542.814180                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 120542.814180                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 120542.814180                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        13639                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total           13639                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       184074                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       184074                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data          157                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          157                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       184231                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       184231                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       184231                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       184231                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        72222                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        72222                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        72291                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        72291                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        72291                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        72291                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   8022076537                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8022076537                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      6409391                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6409391                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   8028485928                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8028485928                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   8028485928                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8028485928                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002557                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002557                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.001659                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001659                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.001659                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001659                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 111075.247667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111075.247667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 92889.724638                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92889.724638                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 111057.890028                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111057.890028                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 111057.890028                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111057.890028                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              529.821227                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs              987000157                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  532                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1855263.453008                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    40.744337                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst   489.076890                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.065295                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.783777                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.849072                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     10896642                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10896642                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     10896642                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total       10896642                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     10896642                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total      10896642                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      8393618                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8393618                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      8393618                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8393618                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      8393618                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8393618                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     10896697                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10896697                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     10896697                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total     10896697                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     10896697                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total     10896697                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 152611.236364                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 152611.236364                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 152611.236364                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 152611.236364                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 152611.236364                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 152611.236364                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6726859                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6726859                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6726859                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6726859                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6726859                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6726859                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 160163.309524                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160163.309524                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 160163.309524                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160163.309524                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 160163.309524                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160163.309524                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                64114                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              175155762                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                64370                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs              2721.077552                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   234.302809                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    21.697191                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.915245                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.084755                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      7554593                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7554593                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      6257581                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6257581                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        17364                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17364                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        14599                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        14599                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data     13812174                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total       13812174                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data     13812174                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total      13812174                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data       162686                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       162686                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          724                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          724                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data       163410                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total       163410                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data       163410                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total       163410                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  19982566700                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  19982566700                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     67352897                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     67352897                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  20049919597                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  20049919597                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  20049919597                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  20049919597                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      7717279                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7717279                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      6258305                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6258305                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        17364                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17364                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        14599                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        14599                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     13975584                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total     13975584                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     13975584                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total     13975584                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.021081                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021081                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000116                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.011693                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011693                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.011693                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011693                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 122829.049211                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 122829.049211                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 93028.863260                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93028.863260                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 122697.017300                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 122697.017300                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 122697.017300                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 122697.017300                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7934                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total            7934                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        98691                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        98691                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data          605                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          605                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        99296                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        99296                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        99296                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        99296                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        63995                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        63995                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          119                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          119                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        64114                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        64114                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        64114                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        64114                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   7097969410                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7097969410                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      8621310                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8621310                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   7106590720                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7106590720                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   7106590720                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7106590720                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.008292                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008292                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.004588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.004588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 110914.437222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110914.437222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 72447.983193                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72447.983193                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 110843.040834                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110843.040834                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 110843.040834                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110843.040834                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              528.765550                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs              987000171                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  530                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1862264.473585                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    38.765550                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.062124                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.847381                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     10896656                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10896656                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     10896656                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total       10896656                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     10896656                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total      10896656                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      8011660                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8011660                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      8011660                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8011660                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      8011660                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8011660                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     10896709                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10896709                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     10896709                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total     10896709                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     10896709                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total     10896709                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 151163.396226                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 151163.396226                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 151163.396226                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 151163.396226                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 151163.396226                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 151163.396226                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6531865                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6531865                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6531865                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6531865                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6531865                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6531865                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 163296.625000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163296.625000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 163296.625000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163296.625000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 163296.625000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163296.625000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                64163                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              175162093                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                64419                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs              2719.106056                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   234.300278                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    21.699722                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.915235                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.084765                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      7557023                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7557023                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      6261342                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6261342                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        17496                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17496                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        14607                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        14607                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data     13818365                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total       13818365                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data     13818365                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total      13818365                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data       162771                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       162771                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          722                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          722                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data       163493                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total       163493                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data       163493                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total       163493                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  19967504338                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  19967504338                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     62456770                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     62456770                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  20029961108                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  20029961108                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  20029961108                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  20029961108                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      7719794                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7719794                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      6262064                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6262064                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        17496                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17496                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        14607                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        14607                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     13981858                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total     13981858                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     13981858                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total     13981858                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.021085                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021085                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000115                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.011693                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011693                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.011693                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011693                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 122672.370004                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 122672.370004                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 86505.221607                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86505.221607                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 122512.652578                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 122512.652578                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 122512.652578                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 122512.652578                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7988                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total            7988                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        98727                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        98727                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          603                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          603                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        99330                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        99330                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        99330                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        99330                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        64044                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        64044                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          119                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          119                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        64163                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        64163                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        64163                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        64163                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   7112513677                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7112513677                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      8008488                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8008488                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   7120522165                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7120522165                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   7120522165                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7120522165                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008296                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008296                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.004589                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004589                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.004589                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004589                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 111056.674739                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111056.674739                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 67298.218487                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67298.218487                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 110975.518056                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110975.518056                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 110975.518056                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110975.518056                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              518.171551                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs              982450054                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1892967.348748                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    36.171551                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.057967                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.830403                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     10770713                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10770713                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     10770713                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total       10770713                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     10770713                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total      10770713                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     11502003                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     11502003                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     11502003                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     11502003                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     11502003                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     11502003                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     10770761                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10770761                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     10770761                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total     10770761                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     10770761                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total     10770761                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 239625.062500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 239625.062500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 239625.062500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 239625.062500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 239625.062500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 239625.062500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      8910201                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8910201                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      8910201                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      8910201                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      8910201                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      8910201                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 240816.243243                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 240816.243243                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 240816.243243                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 240816.243243                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 240816.243243                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 240816.243243                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                49165                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              166447537                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                49421                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs              3367.951620                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   234.021549                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    21.978451                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.914147                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.085853                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      7591372                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7591372                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      6429513                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6429513                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        15964                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        15964                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        14794                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        14794                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data     14020885                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total       14020885                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data     14020885                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total      14020885                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data       168594                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       168594                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3755                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3755                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data       172349                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total       172349                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data       172349                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total       172349                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  22112509770                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  22112509770                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    472783554                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    472783554                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  22585293324                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  22585293324                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  22585293324                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  22585293324                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      7759966                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7759966                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      6433268                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6433268                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        15964                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        15964                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        14794                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        14794                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     14193234                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14193234                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     14193234                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14193234                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.021726                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021726                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000584                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000584                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.012143                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012143                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.012143                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012143                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 131158.343535                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 131158.343535                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 125907.737417                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 125907.737417                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 131043.947595                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 131043.947595                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 131043.947595                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 131043.947595                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        16375                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total           16375                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       119576                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       119576                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         3608                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         3608                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       123184                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       123184                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       123184                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       123184                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        49018                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        49018                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          147                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          147                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        49165                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        49165                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        49165                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        49165                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   5249856527                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5249856527                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     11488417                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11488417                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   5261344944                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5261344944                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   5261344944                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5261344944                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.006317                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006317                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.003464                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003464                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.003464                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003464                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 107100.586050                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107100.586050                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 78152.496599                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78152.496599                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 107014.033235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107014.033235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 107014.033235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107014.033235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              518.793516                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs              982457049                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  520                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1889340.478846                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    36.793516                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.058964                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.831400                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     10777708                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10777708                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     10777708                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total       10777708                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     10777708                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total      10777708                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     11084927                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     11084927                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     11084927                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     11084927                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     11084927                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     11084927                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     10777757                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10777757                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     10777757                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total     10777757                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     10777757                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total     10777757                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst       226223                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total       226223                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst       226223                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total       226223                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst       226223                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total       226223                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      8528102                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8528102                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      8528102                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      8528102                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      8528102                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      8528102                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 224423.736842                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 224423.736842                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 224423.736842                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 224423.736842                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 224423.736842                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 224423.736842                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                49295                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              166465406                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                49551                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs              3359.476216                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   234.021813                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    21.978187                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.914148                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.085852                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      7601637                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7601637                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      6437114                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6437114                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        15949                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        15949                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        14812                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        14812                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data     14038751                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total       14038751                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data     14038751                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total      14038751                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data       168913                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       168913                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3757                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3757                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data       172670                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total       172670                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data       172670                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total       172670                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  22039729296                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  22039729296                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    474869115                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    474869115                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  22514598411                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  22514598411                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  22514598411                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  22514598411                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      7770550                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7770550                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      6440871                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6440871                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        15949                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        15949                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        14812                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        14812                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     14211421                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14211421                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     14211421                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14211421                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.021738                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021738                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000583                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000583                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.012150                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012150                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.012150                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012150                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 130479.769443                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 130479.769443                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 126395.825126                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 126395.825126                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 130390.909892                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 130390.909892                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 130390.909892                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 130390.909892                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets         4576                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets         4576                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        17118                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total           17118                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       119766                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       119766                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         3609                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         3609                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       123375                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       123375                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       123375                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       123375                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        49147                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        49147                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          148                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          148                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        49295                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        49295                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        49295                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        49295                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   5180933261                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5180933261                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     11340385                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11340385                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   5192273646                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5192273646                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   5192273646                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5192273646                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.006325                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006325                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.003469                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003469                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.003469                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003469                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 105417.080615                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105417.080615                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 76624.222973                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76624.222973                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 105330.634872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105330.634872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 105330.634872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105330.634872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              519.253534                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs              982448036                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  520                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1889323.146154                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    37.253534                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.059701                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.832137                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     10768695                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10768695                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     10768695                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total       10768695                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     10768695                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total      10768695                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     10742848                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     10742848                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     10742848                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     10742848                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     10742848                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     10742848                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     10768743                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10768743                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     10768743                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total     10768743                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     10768743                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total     10768743                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 223809.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 223809.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 223809.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 223809.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 223809.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 223809.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      8681796                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8681796                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      8681796                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      8681796                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      8681796                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      8681796                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 228468.315789                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 228468.315789                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 228468.315789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 228468.315789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 228468.315789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 228468.315789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                49268                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              166464840                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                49524                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs              3361.296341                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   234.019149                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    21.980851                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.914137                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.085863                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      7605360                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7605360                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      6432720                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6432720                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        16063                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        16063                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        14803                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        14803                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data     14038080                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total       14038080                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data     14038080                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total      14038080                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data       169107                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       169107                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3726                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3726                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data       172833                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total       172833                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data       172833                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total       172833                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  22170243732                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  22170243732                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    477405751                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    477405751                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  22647649483                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  22647649483                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  22647649483                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  22647649483                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      7774467                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7774467                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      6436446                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6436446                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        16063                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        16063                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        14803                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        14803                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     14210913                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14210913                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     14210913                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14210913                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.021752                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021752                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000579                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000579                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.012162                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012162                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.012162                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012162                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 131101.868829                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 131101.868829                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 128128.220880                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 128128.220880                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 131037.761787                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 131037.761787                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 131037.761787                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 131037.761787                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        16424                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total           16424                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       119987                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       119987                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         3578                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         3578                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       123565                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       123565                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       123565                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       123565                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        49120                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        49120                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          148                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          148                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        49268                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        49268                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        49268                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        49268                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   5257258512                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5257258512                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     11854817                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11854817                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   5269113329                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5269113329                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   5269113329                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5269113329                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.006318                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006318                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.003467                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003467                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.003467                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003467                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 107028.878502                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107028.878502                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 80100.114865                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80100.114865                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 106947.985082                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106947.985082                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 106947.985082                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106947.985082                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              517.922527                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs              982456242                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1892979.271676                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    35.922527                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.057568                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.830004                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     10776901                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10776901                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     10776901                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total       10776901                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     10776901                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total      10776901                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     11206412                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     11206412                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     11206412                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     11206412                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     11206412                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     11206412                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     10776947                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10776947                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     10776947                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total     10776947                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     10776947                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total     10776947                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 243617.652174                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 243617.652174                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 243617.652174                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 243617.652174                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 243617.652174                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 243617.652174                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      8870432                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8870432                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      8870432                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      8870432                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      8870432                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      8870432                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 239741.405405                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 239741.405405                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 239741.405405                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 239741.405405                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 239741.405405                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 239741.405405                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                49235                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              166462070                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                49491                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs              3363.481643                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   234.021544                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    21.978456                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.914147                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.085853                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      7597829                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7597829                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      6437512                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6437512                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        16020                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        16020                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        14815                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        14815                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data     14035341                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total       14035341                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data     14035341                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total      14035341                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data       169017                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       169017                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         3740                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3740                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data       172757                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total       172757                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data       172757                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total       172757                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  22043690245                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  22043690245                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    467874969                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    467874969                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  22511565214                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  22511565214                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  22511565214                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  22511565214                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      7766846                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7766846                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      6441252                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6441252                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        16020                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        16020                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        14815                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        14815                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     14208098                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14208098                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     14208098                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14208098                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.021761                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021761                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000581                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000581                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.012159                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012159                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.012159                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012159                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 130422.917488                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 130422.917488                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 125100.259091                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 125100.259091                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 130307.687758                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 130307.687758                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 130307.687758                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 130307.687758                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        17054                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total           17054                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       119930                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       119930                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         3592                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         3592                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       123522                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       123522                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       123522                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       123522                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        49087                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        49087                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          148                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          148                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        49235                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        49235                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        49235                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        49235                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   5177066234                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5177066234                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     11552683                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11552683                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   5188618917                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5188618917                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   5188618917                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5188618917                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.006320                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006320                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.003465                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003465                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.003465                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003465                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 105467.154929                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105467.154929                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 78058.668919                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78058.668919                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 105384.765248                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105384.765248                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 105384.765248                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105384.765248                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              493.283549                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs              984609859                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  494                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1993137.366397                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    38.283549                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.061352                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.790519                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     11026298                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11026298                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     11026298                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total       11026298                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     11026298                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total      11026298                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      8247372                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8247372                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      8247372                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8247372                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      8247372                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8247372                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     11026346                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11026346                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     11026346                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total     11026346                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     11026346                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total     11026346                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 171820.250000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 171820.250000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 171820.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 171820.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 171820.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 171820.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6815320                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6815320                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6815320                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6815320                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6815320                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6815320                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 174751.794872                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 174751.794872                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 174751.794872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 174751.794872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 174751.794872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 174751.794872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                32699                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              158104060                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                32955                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs              4797.574268                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   233.265700                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    22.734300                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.911194                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.088806                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      8794646                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8794646                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      6532601                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6532601                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        16928                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        16928                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        15891                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15891                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data     15327247                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total       15327247                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data     15327247                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total      15327247                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        83833                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        83833                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1808                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1808                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        85641                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total        85641                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        85641                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total        85641                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   9161212415                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   9161212415                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    120002131                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    120002131                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   9281214546                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   9281214546                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   9281214546                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   9281214546                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      8878479                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8878479                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      6534409                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6534409                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        16928                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        16928                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        15891                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15891                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     15412888                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15412888                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     15412888                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15412888                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.009442                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009442                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000277                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000277                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.005556                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005556                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.005556                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005556                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 109279.310236                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 109279.310236                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 66372.860066                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66372.860066                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 108373.495709                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 108373.495709                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 108373.495709                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 108373.495709                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets        91902                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 18380.400000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7101                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total            7101                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        51317                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        51317                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1625                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1625                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        52942                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        52942                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        52942                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        52942                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        32516                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        32516                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          183                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          183                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        32699                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        32699                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        32699                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        32699                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3280578858                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3280578858                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     13809145                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13809145                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3294388003                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3294388003                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3294388003                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3294388003                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.003662                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003662                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002122                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002122                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002122                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002122                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 100891.218416                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100891.218416                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 75459.808743                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75459.808743                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 100748.891495                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100748.891495                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 100748.891495                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100748.891495                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
