
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.093883                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 93883166913                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               606492369801                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 316290                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   404930                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                1779296                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67617492                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 52764.23                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 16688805716                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   21365817188                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data      3494400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data      1618688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data      1302528                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         5376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data      1614336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data      2205952                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data      2201344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data      2249088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data      1623552                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data      1285632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         5376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data      3615232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data      1537536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data      2215808                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data      2286592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data      3185024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         5504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data      1287168                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data      2266240                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             34068736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         5376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         5376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         5504                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           79616                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      9619584                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           9619584                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data        27300                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data        12646                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data        10176                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data        12612                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data        17234                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data        17198                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data        17571                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data        12684                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data        10044                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           42                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data        28244                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data        12012                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data        17311                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data        17864                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data        24883                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           43                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data        10056                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data        17705                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                266162                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           75153                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                75153                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst        53172                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     37220730                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst        55899                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     17241515                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst        53172                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     13873925                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst        57263                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     17195159                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst        51809                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     23496779                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst        53172                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     23447696                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst        49082                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     23956243                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst        54536                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     17293324                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst        49082                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     13693956                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst        57263                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     38507776                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst        55899                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     16377121                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst        47719                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     23601760                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst        46355                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     24355719                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst        55899                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     33925400                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst        58626                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     13710317                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst        49082                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     24138939                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               362884393                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst        53172                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst        55899                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst        53172                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst        57263                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst        51809                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst        53172                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst        49082                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst        54536                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst        49082                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst        57263                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst        55899                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst        47719                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst        46355                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst        55899                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst        58626                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst        49082                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             848033                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         102463352                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              102463352                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         102463352                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst        53172                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     37220730                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst        55899                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     17241515                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst        53172                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     13873925                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst        57263                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     17195159                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst        51809                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     23496779                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst        53172                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     23447696                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst        49082                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     23956243                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst        54536                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     17293324                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst        49082                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     13693956                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst        57263                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     38507776                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst        55899                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     16377121                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst        47719                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     23601760                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst        46355                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     24355719                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst        55899                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     33925400                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst        58626                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     13710317                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst        49082                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     24138939                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              465347745                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                 23                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles              225139490                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups       17538251                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15825787                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       919262                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      6548160                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits        6273937                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS         969539                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        40625                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles    185911982                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts            110321687                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches          17538251                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches      7243476                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles            21816638                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles       2885349                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles      4379147                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines        10670935                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes       923948                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples    214050927                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.604622                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.932499                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0      192234289     89.81%     89.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1         779865      0.36%     90.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2        1593588      0.74%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3         666892      0.31%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4        3629836      1.70%     92.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5        3225891      1.51%     94.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6         627257      0.29%     94.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7        1306601      0.61%     95.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8        9986708      4.67%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total    214050927                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.077899                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.490015                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles      184875318                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles      5427155                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles        21737017                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles        68762                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles      1942669                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved      1539339                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          491                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts    129359279                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         2725                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles      1942669                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles      185062614                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles       3892419                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles       948944                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles        21631309                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles       572966                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts    129291985                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents          108                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents       244253                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents       208212                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.FullRegisterEvents         3307                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands    151787177                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups    608982911                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups    608982911                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps    134722847                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps       17064313                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts        14997                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts         7563                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts         1449056                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads     30512039                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores     15436977                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads       139870                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores       748078                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded        129041414                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        15043                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued       124106365                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        64351                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      9893517                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     23685273                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           64                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    214050927                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579798                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.377333                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    169975842     79.41%     79.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     13180141      6.16%     85.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10837834      5.06%     90.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      4681466      2.19%     92.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5936643      2.77%     95.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      5755202      2.69%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3264550      1.53%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       257716      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       161533      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    214050927                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        313870     11.07%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2449655     86.42%     97.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        71047      2.51%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     77846200     62.73%     62.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1084255      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7432      0.01%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     29764922     23.98%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     15403556     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total    124106365                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.551242                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt           2834572                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022840                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    465162580                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    138953128                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    123049362                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses    126940937                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       222879                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1163996                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          494                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3161                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        91641                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        11002                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles      1942669                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles       3567365                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles       163567                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    129056533                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1409                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     30512039                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     15436977                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         7565                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents       111745                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           74                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3161                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       536453                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       542031                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts      1078484                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts    123239282                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     29663741                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       867083                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                  76                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs           45066028                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches       16146737                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores         15402287                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.547391                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent            123053364                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count           123049362                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers        66446583                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers       130886450                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.546547                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.507666                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100000000                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps    117516368                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts     11553129                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        14979                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts       939388                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    212108258                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.554040                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377808                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    169512083     79.92%     79.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     15530532      7.32%     87.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      7291524      3.44%     90.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      7212366      3.40%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1960207      0.92%     95.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      8392400      3.96%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       626654      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       456998      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1125494      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    212108258                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts    100000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps    117516368                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs             44693368                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads            29348035                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars              7478                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches         15518718                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts       104500046                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls      1138202                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events      1125494                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads          340051962                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes         260081882                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled               4077731                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles              11088563                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts         100000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps           117516368                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total    100000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.251395                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.251395                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.444169                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.444169                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads      609284873                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes     142884503                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads     154066364                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes        14956                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                 48                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles              225139485                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups       18571185                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15195172                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1811147                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7642810                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7305896                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1918049                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        82464                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles    178796554                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts            103870273                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches          18571185                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches      9223945                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles            21671240                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles       4944706                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles      4166819                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines        10936593                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1813140                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples    207744576                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.613991                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.956596                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0      186073336     89.57%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1        1004061      0.48%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2        1599701      0.77%     90.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3        2172048      1.05%     91.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4        2234616      1.08%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5        1892220      0.91%     93.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6        1068240      0.51%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7        1578090      0.76%     95.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8       10122264      4.87%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total    207744576                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.082487                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.461360                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles      176977481                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles      6001239                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles        21632557                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles        23692                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles      3109604                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved      3057226                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          360                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts    127457298                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         1927                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles      3109604                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles      177459848                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles       1244392                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles      3643810                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles        21180173                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles      1106746                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts    127416953                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents          158                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents       149971                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents       483166                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands    177783732                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups    592772653                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups    592772653                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps    154164474                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps       23619258                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts        31520                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts        16365                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts         3297102                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads     11920699                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores      6464022                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads        76250                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores      1547111                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded        127275429                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        31630                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued       120865725                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        16561                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     14069537                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     33713017                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1065                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    207744576                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581800                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.272682                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    156597176     75.38%     75.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     21041173     10.13%     85.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10640815      5.12%     90.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8033883      3.87%     94.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6323486      3.04%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2561396      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1597192      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       838443      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       111012      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    207744576                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         23356     11.68%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead        73674     36.83%     48.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       102992     51.49%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    101652893     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1805907      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        15153      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     10947743      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6444029      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total    120865725                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.536848                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt            200022                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001655                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    449692609                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    141377089                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    119065707                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses    121065747                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       246636                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1905806                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          131                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          496                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        92936                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles      3109604                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles        994070                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles       107328                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    127307189                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         6232                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     11920699                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6464022                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        16367                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents        90680                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           16                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          496                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1053055                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1019523                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts      2072578                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts    119209053                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10300073                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1656672                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                 130                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs           16743849                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches       16935975                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores          6443776                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.529490                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent            119065929                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count           119065707                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers        68340286                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers       184173011                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.528853                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.371066                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts     89867634                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps    110580781                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts     16726442                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        30565                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts      1834052                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    204634972                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.540381                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.389161                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    159268758     77.83%     77.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     22490872     10.99%     88.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8489931      4.15%     92.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4048533      1.98%     94.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3417288      1.67%     96.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1956403      0.96%     97.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1709379      0.84%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       773457      0.38%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2480351      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    204634972                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts     89867634                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps    110580781                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs             16385979                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads            10014893                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars             15248                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches         15945800                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts        99632043                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls      2277092                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events      2480351                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads          329461220                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes         257724102                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled               2706318                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles              17394909                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts          89867634                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps           110580781                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total     89867634                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.505234                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.505234                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.399164                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.399164                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads      536528856                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes     165853616                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads     118156343                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes        30538                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                 50                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles              225139490                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups       20382054                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16970842                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1852559                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7789465                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7458078                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2194265                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        86371                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles    177471458                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts            111841837                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches          20382054                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches      9652343                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles            23310762                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles       5146899                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles      6045112                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines        11017730                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1770828                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples    210104849                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.654065                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.028936                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0      186794087     88.91%     88.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1        1429473      0.68%     89.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2        1802091      0.86%     90.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3        2871626      1.37%     91.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4        1204693      0.57%     92.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5        1544337      0.74%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6        1805329      0.86%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7         824420      0.39%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8       11828793      5.63%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total    210104849                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.090531                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.496767                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles      176428291                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles      7188666                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles        23199981                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles        10911                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles      3276992                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved      3101382                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          525                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts    136683416                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         2215                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles      3276992                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles      176606650                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles        571875                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles      6119500                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles        23032532                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles       497293                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts    135841731                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents          139                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents        71986                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents       346616                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands    189749352                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups    631730274                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups    631730274                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps    158910640                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps       30838686                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts        33046                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts        17286                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts         1746428                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads     12697449                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores      6653674                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads        74772                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores      1505810                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded        132631230                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        33165                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued       127304626                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       126040                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15985796                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     32446059                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1372                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    210104849                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.605910                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326786                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    156153695     74.32%     74.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     24616714     11.72%     86.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10055702      4.79%     90.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5638486      2.68%     93.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7634787      3.63%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2350749      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2313036      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1243499      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        98181      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    210104849                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        878263     79.19%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead       117299     10.58%     89.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       113523     10.24%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    107248636     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1740779      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        15760      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11666090      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6633361      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total    127304626                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.565448                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1109085                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008712                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    465949225                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    148650801                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    123997965                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses    128413711                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        94373                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2369109                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           25                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          615                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        90350                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           46                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles      3276992                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles        435552                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles        55047                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    132664402                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       103171                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12697449                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6653674                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        17286                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents        47957                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           53                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          615                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1100600                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1036957                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts      2137557                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts    125092218                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11477519                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2212407                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs           18110256                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches       17690280                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores          6632737                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.555621                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent            123998378                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count           123997965                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers        74286967                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers       199542477                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.550761                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.372286                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts     92451106                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps    113921055                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18743871                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        31793                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts      1868387                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    206827857                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550801                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.371148                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    158609918     76.69%     76.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     24435797     11.81%     88.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8873147      4.29%     92.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4421097      2.14%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4041430      1.95%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1701210      0.82%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1679150      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       799861      0.39%     98.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2266247      1.10%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    206827857                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts     92451106                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps    113921055                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs             16891661                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads            10328337                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars             15860                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches         16512263                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts       102566365                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls      2352487                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events      2266247                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads          337225886                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes         268606877                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled               2687732                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles              15034641                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts          92451106                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps           113921055                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total     92451106                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.435228                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.435228                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.410639                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.410639                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads      562893125                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes     173271556                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads     126443708                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes        31766                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                 48                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles              225139490                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups       18575351                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15198586                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1811307                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7630546                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7307501                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1918349                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        82421                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles    178796876                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts            103894215                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches          18575351                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches      9225850                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles            21677532                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles       4948421                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles      4168093                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines        10937405                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1813402                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples    207756011                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614121                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.956803                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0      186078479     89.57%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1        1004984      0.48%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2        1600061      0.77%     90.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3        2172914      1.05%     91.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4        2236822      1.08%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5        1893185      0.91%     93.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6        1064734      0.51%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7        1576776      0.76%     95.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8       10128056      4.87%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total    207756011                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.082506                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.461466                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles      176978134                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles      6002155                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles        21638868                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles        23704                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles      3113147                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved      3057931                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          366                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts    127491547                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         1944                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles      3113147                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles      177460647                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles       1241608                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles      3647368                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles        21186182                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles      1107056                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts    127451147                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents          150                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents       149653                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents       483566                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands    177825617                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups    592931714                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups    592931714                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps    154167660                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps       23657913                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts        31583                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts        16426                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts         3296411                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads     11926984                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores      6464869                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads        75917                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores      1545890                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded        127310074                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        31697                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued       120882830                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        16521                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     14103095                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     33797664                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1132                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    207756011                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581850                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.272756                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    156605104     75.38%     75.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     21038776     10.13%     85.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10644338      5.12%     90.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8033681      3.87%     94.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6323362      3.04%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2563141      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1599025      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       837640      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       110944      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    207756011                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         23322     11.60%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead        74657     37.12%     48.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       103128     51.28%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    101667135     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1807000      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        15153      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     10948801      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6444741      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total    120882830                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.536924                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt            201107                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001664                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    449739298                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    141445359                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    119081626                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses    121083937                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       247988                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1911899                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          104                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          495                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        93676                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles      3113147                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles        991320                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles       107267                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    127341907                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         6610                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     11926984                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6464869                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        16430                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents        90657                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           10                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          495                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1052375                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1021034                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts      2073409                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts    119225208                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10302454                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1657621                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                 136                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs           16746956                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches       16938342                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores          6444502                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.529562                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent            119081856                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count           119081626                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers        68355857                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers       184212411                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.528924                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.371071                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts     89869455                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps    110583013                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts     16758912                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        30565                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts      1834211                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    204642864                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.540371                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.389149                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    159276166     77.83%     77.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     22491159     10.99%     88.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8488307      4.15%     92.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4050792      1.98%     94.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3417477      1.67%     96.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1954765      0.96%     97.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1710137      0.84%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       774179      0.38%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2479882      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    204642864                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts     89869455                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps    110583013                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs             16386275                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads            10015082                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars             15248                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches         15946138                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts        99634029                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls      2277133                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events      2479882                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads          329504283                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes         257797068                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled               2707292                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles              17383479                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts          89869455                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps           110583013                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total     89869455                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.505184                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.505184                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.399172                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.399172                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads      536596485                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes     165870687                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads     118183116                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes        30538                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                 46                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles              225139490                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups       18297898                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15014642                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1798119                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7707051                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7172664                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1874586                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        80375                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles    174945200                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts            103928195                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches          18297898                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches      9047250                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles            22889072                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles       5070314                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles      5674382                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines        10774311                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1783730                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples    206752928                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614620                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.964571                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0      183863856     88.93%     88.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1        2473998      1.20%     90.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2        2895583      1.40%     91.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3        1580921      0.76%     92.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4        1832937      0.89%     93.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5        1001209      0.48%     93.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6         673345      0.33%     93.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7        1759841      0.85%     94.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8       10671238      5.16%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total    206752928                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.081274                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.461617                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles      173549946                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles      7096740                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles        22707824                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles       170943                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles      3227472                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved      2960045                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred        16802                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts    126866770                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts        83535                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles      3227472                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles      173816408                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles       2526043                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles      3817202                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles        22623547                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles       742253                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts    126786923                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents          203                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents       195239                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents       345371                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands    176250865                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups    590356607                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups    590356607                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps    150802615                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps       25448245                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts        33528                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18811                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts         1988885                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads     12101852                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores      6590863                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads       173567                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores      1450822                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded        126604154                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        33596                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued       119745557                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       155310                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15606119                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     35984063                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3975                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    206752928                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579172                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.268258                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    156254625     75.58%     75.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     20340017      9.84%     85.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10911225      5.28%     90.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7553817      3.65%     94.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6590430      3.19%     97.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3372511      1.63%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       809227      0.39%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       526606      0.25%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       394470      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    206752928                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         31647     12.25%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead       110139     42.62%     54.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       116626     45.13%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    100256026     83.72%     83.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1872537      1.56%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        14685      0.01%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11058272      9.23%     94.54% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6544037      5.46%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total    119745557                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.531873                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt            258412                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002158                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    446657764                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    142245008                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    117780642                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses    120003969                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       302887                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2109748                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          714                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1142                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       125754                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         7343                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            7                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles      3227472                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles       2089045                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles       129981                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    126637855                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        47433                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12101852                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6590863                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18804                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents        91758                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            2                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1142                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1047571                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1005812                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts      2053383                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts    117985657                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10394774                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1759900                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                 105                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs           16937357                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches       16519507                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores          6542583                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.524056                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent            117782534                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count           117780642                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers        70041984                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers       183387376                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.523145                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.381935                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts     88555806                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps    108646215                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts     17992942                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        29621                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts      1808499                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    203525456                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533821                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.352677                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    159138408     78.19%     78.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     20588618     10.12%     88.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8621500      4.24%     92.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5176888      2.54%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3597267      1.77%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2315518      1.14%     97.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1205913      0.59%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       968955      0.48%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1912389      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    203525456                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts     88555806                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps    108646215                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs             16457213                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads             9992104                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars             14778                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches         15548759                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts        97949182                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls      2210359                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events      1912389                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads          328251626                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes         256505855                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled               2678864                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles              18386562                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts          88555806                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps           108646215                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total     88555806                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.542346                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.542346                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.393338                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.393338                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads      532274358                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes     163504011                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads     118419006                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes        29594                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                 46                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles              225139490                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups       18325202                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15027349                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1794528                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7721023                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7170474                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1881888                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        80857                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles    174893836                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts            104097051                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches          18325202                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches      9052362                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles            22904186                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles       5079102                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles      5651655                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines        10771961                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1780123                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples    206706435                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615812                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.966652                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0      183802249     88.92%     88.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1        2480812      1.20%     90.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2        2862499      1.38%     91.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3        1581459      0.77%     92.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4        1836386      0.89%     93.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5        1004661      0.49%     93.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6         679425      0.33%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7        1774913      0.86%     94.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8       10684031      5.17%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total    206706435                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.081395                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.462367                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles      173497831                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles      7074712                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles        22722231                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles       171739                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles      3239919                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved      2974583                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred        16840                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts    127084600                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts        84028                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles      3239919                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles      173765824                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles       2602530                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles      3715733                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles        22637177                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles       745249                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts    127002696                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents          190                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents       196074                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents       346142                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands    176491504                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups    591338964                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups    591338964                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps    150868655                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps       25622820                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts        33492                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18774                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts         2001148                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads     12135734                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores      6607187                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads       172935                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores      1465826                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded        126818888                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        33561                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued       119909351                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       170534                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15749792                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36331612                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3928                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    206706435                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580095                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269506                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    156177622     75.56%     75.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     20326175      9.83%     85.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10923925      5.28%     90.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7551520      3.65%     94.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6605842      3.20%     97.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3388521      1.64%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       810314      0.39%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       527219      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       395297      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    206706435                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         31512     12.15%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead       111064     42.82%     54.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       116821     45.04%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    100368124     83.70%     83.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1873594      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        14691      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11092999      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6559943      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total    119909351                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.532600                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt            259397                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002163                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    446955067                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    142603398                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    117927907                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses    120168748                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       302994                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2139266                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          731                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1161                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       139269                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         7346                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles      3239919                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles       2163106                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles       131396                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    126852559                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        45657                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12135734                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6607187                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18762                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents        92991                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            2                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1161                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1041926                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1005601                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts      2047527                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts    118149007                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10416450                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1760343                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                 110                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs           16974914                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches       16535753                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores          6558464                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.524781                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent            117929862                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count           117927907                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers        70091119                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers       183579031                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.523799                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.381804                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts     88594517                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps    108693735                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18160516                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        29633                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts      1804756                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    203466516                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.534209                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.353220                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    159066504     78.18%     78.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     20587806     10.12%     88.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8626996      4.24%     92.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5187028      2.55%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3590591      1.76%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2320015      1.14%     97.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1201548      0.59%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       969098      0.48%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1916930      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    203466516                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts     88594517                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps    108693735                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs             16464386                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads             9996468                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars             14784                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches         15555580                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts        97991994                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls      2211321                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events      1916930                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads          328403239                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes         256948503                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled               2677118                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles              18433055                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts          88594517                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps           108693735                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total     88594517                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.541235                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.541235                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.393509                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.393509                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads      532984864                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes     163670662                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads     118608389                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes        29606                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                 22                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles              225139490                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups       17093944                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15261771                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1359625                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     11356270                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits       11146825                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1025880                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        40916                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles    180599760                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts             97108161                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches          17093944                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches     12172705                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles            21648269                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles       4470321                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles      2730573                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines        10925157                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1335047                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples    208081643                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.522895                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.765197                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0      186433374     89.60%     89.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1        3298381      1.59%     91.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2        1668602      0.80%     91.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3        3264997      1.57%     93.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4        1046013      0.50%     94.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5        3015882      1.45%     95.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6         476591      0.23%     95.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7         771249      0.37%     96.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8        8106554      3.90%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total    208081643                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.075926                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.431324                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles      178295471                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles      5075898                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles        21605874                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles        17356                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles      3087040                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved      1615706                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred        16002                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts    108635173                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts        30306                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles      3087040                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles      178551506                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles       3092388                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles      1202770                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles        21372125                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles       775810                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts    108479089                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents          183                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents        84495                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents       626790                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands    142177689                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups    491666024                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups    491666024                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps    115264145                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps       26913518                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts        14559                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts         7367                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts         1662633                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads     19557542                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores      3181237                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads        19616                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores       725843                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded        107923083                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        14611                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued       101051777                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        65184                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     19500136                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     39930386                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          107                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    208081643                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.485635                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.098202                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    163745204     78.69%     78.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14021013      6.74%     85.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     14780289      7.10%     92.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8613306      4.14%     96.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      4436125      2.13%     98.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1111522      0.53%     99.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1317274      0.63%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        30766      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        26144      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    208081643                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        169384     57.19%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead        69693     23.53%     80.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        57104     19.28%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     79242195     78.42%     78.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       792107      0.78%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7192      0.01%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     17855571     17.67%     96.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3154712      3.12%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total    101051777                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.448841                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt            296181                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002931                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    410546562                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    127438101                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     98487406                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses    101347958                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        78999                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      3984993                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          104                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          278                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        78494                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles      3087040                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles       2065883                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles        96106                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    107937764                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        14199                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     19557542                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3181237                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         7365                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents        36369                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2017                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          278                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       915726                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       526313                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts      1442039                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts     99771795                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     17601325                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1279982                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                  70                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs           20755843                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches       15164402                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores          3154518                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.443155                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent             98509865                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count            98487406                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers        59592030                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers       129818016                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.437451                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.459043                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts     78428350                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps     88301287                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts     19640875                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        14504                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts      1351067                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    204994603                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.430749                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.301481                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    172116380     83.96%     83.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     12916807      6.30%     90.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8298814      4.05%     94.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2614975      1.28%     95.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4333844      2.11%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       846345      0.41%     98.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       536737      0.26%     98.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       491204      0.24%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2839497      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    204994603                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts     78428350                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps     88301287                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs             18675289                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads            15572546                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars              7236                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches         13548125                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts        77169011                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls      1104668                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events      2839497                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads          310096982                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes         218973787                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled               4011975                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles              17057847                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts          78428350                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps            88301287                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total     78428350                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.870639                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.870639                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.348354                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.348354                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads      463763125                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes     128325639                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads     115370400                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes        14492                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                 48                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles              225139490                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups       18570262                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15193185                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1810298                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7651693                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7307853                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1919518                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        82595                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles    178791405                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts            103862338                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches          18570262                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches      9227371                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles            21672383                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles       4940127                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles      4179544                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines        10935607                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1812401                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples    207749558                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.613927                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.956440                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0      186077175     89.57%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1        1005334      0.48%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2        1600677      0.77%     90.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3        2172982      1.05%     91.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4        2233352      1.08%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5        1894030      0.91%     93.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6        1068066      0.51%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7        1578087      0.76%     95.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8       10119855      4.87%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total    207749558                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.082483                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.461324                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles      176973984                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles      6012393                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles        21633740                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles        23574                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles      3105864                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved      3058231                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          363                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts    127446898                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         1924                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles      3105864                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles      177456128                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles       1245868                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles      3654428                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles        21181267                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles      1106000                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts    127406583                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents          151                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents       149644                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents       482867                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands    177766484                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups    592732157                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups    592732157                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps    154185182                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps       23581276                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts        31596                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts        16435                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts         3290282                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads     11919870                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores      6465128                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads        75826                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores      1549353                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded        127265522                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        31712                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued       120867419                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        16588                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     14047651                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     33658579                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1143                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    207749558                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581794                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.272616                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    156599174     75.38%     75.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     21041528     10.13%     85.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10643656      5.12%     90.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8035466      3.87%     94.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6321130      3.04%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2563781      1.23%     98.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1595937      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       837954      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       110932      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    207749558                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         23358     11.68%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead        73608     36.80%     48.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       103067     51.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    101650133     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1806804      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        15155      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     10950491      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6444836      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total    120867419                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.536856                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt            200033                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001655                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    449701013                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    141345381                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    119070494                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses    121067452                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       246622                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1903624                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          150                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          501                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        93179                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles      3105864                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles        995957                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles       107601                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    127297366                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         6883                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     11919870                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6465128                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        16441                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents        90942                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            7                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          501                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1052818                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1018038                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts      2070856                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts    119214861                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10303875                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1652554                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                 132                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs           16748456                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches       16938108                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores          6444581                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.529516                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent            119070709                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count           119070494                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers        68346859                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers       184167049                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.528874                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.371113                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts     89879693                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps    110595635                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts     16701750                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        30569                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts      1833202                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    204643694                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.540430                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.389208                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    159271698     77.83%     77.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     22494345     10.99%     88.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8488118      4.15%     92.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4051729      1.98%     94.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3417096      1.67%     96.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1957483      0.96%     97.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1708686      0.83%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       774360      0.38%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2480179      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    204643694                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts     89879693                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps    110595635                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs             16388194                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads            10016246                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars             15250                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches         15947946                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts        99645422                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls      2277397                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events      2480179                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads          329460276                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes         257700704                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled               2705832                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles              17389932                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts          89879693                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps           110595635                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total     89879693                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.504898                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.504898                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.399218                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.399218                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads      536560168                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes     165854434                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads     118151684                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes        30542                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                 50                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles              225139490                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups       20391212                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16977603                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1853395                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7784372                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7456399                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2194278                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        86307                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles    177480299                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts            111874873                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches          20391212                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches      9650677                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles            23315874                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles       5151815                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles      6019407                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines        11019636                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1771596                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples    210097160                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.654275                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.029267                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0      186781286     88.90%     88.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1        1430986      0.68%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2        1800785      0.86%     90.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3        2869870      1.37%     91.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4        1204930      0.57%     92.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5        1546264      0.74%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6        1805412      0.86%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7         825291      0.39%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8       11832336      5.63%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total    210097160                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.090571                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.496914                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles      176435304                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles      7164987                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles        23204779                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles        11028                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles      3281054                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved      3103720                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          526                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts    136720795                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         2600                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles      3281054                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles      176614638                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles        573784                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles      6091724                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles        23036407                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles       499546                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts    135876019                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents          144                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents        72424                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents       348026                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands    189796380                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups    631857836                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups    631857836                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps    158923162                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps       30873213                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts        33082                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts        17321                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts         1754157                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads     12701664                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores      6655544                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads        74972                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores      1509557                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded        132663540                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        33201                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued       127334400                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       127158                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15999608                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     32462668                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1404                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    210097160                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.606074                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326977                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    156134388     74.32%     74.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     24621538     11.72%     86.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10061806      4.79%     90.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5634568      2.68%     93.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7637082      3.64%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2350492      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2314403      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1244724      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        98159      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    210097160                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        877707     79.15%     79.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead       117659     10.61%     89.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       113543     10.24%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    107272097     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1741090      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        15761      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11670300      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6635152      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total    127334400                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.565580                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1108909                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008709                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    466002027                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    148696956                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    124021541                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses    128443309                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        94711                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2372518                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           30                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          609                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        91717                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           46                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles      3281054                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles        436724                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles        55246                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    132696749                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       104814                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12701664                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6655544                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        17321                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents        48276                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           57                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          609                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1098809                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1039965                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts      2138774                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts    125117230                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11480004                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2217170                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                   8                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs           18114507                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches       17695180                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores          6634503                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.555732                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent            124021976                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count           124021541                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers        74301319                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers       199556851                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.550865                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.372332                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts     92458378                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps    113929969                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18767311                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        31797                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts      1869249                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    206816106                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550876                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.371239                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    158593781     76.68%     76.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     24438272     11.82%     88.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8873440      4.29%     92.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4424081      2.14%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4040858      1.95%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1699588      0.82%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1678722      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       800042      0.39%     98.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2267322      1.10%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    206816106                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts     92458378                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps    113929969                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs             16892973                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads            10329146                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars             15862                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches         16513537                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts       102574389                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls      2352661                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events      2267322                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads          337245414                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes         268675637                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled               2688838                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles              15042330                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts          92458378                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps           113929969                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total     92458378                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.435036                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.435036                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.410672                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.410672                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads      562989599                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes     173309598                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads     126479401                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes        31770                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                 23                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles              225139490                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups       17504413                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15794727                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       920557                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      6676555                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits        6271338                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS         968711                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        40945                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles    185694502                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts            110105566                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches          17504413                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches      7240049                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles            21781330                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles       2879388                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles      4375839                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines        10660470                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes       925293                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples    213787399                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.604211                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.931709                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0      192006069     89.81%     89.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1         779124      0.36%     90.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2        1593667      0.75%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3         667480      0.31%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4        3623206      1.69%     92.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5        3223268      1.51%     94.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6         629340      0.29%     94.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7        1303378      0.61%     95.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8        9961867      4.66%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total    213787399                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.077749                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.489055                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles      184664383                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles      5417395                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles        21701753                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles        68621                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles      1935241                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved      1536446                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          487                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts    129111713                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         2725                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles      1935241                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles      184850985                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles       3878329                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles       953950                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles        21596053                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles       572835                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts    129045114                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents           96                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents       243426                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents       207298                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.FullRegisterEvents         4960                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands    151501725                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups    607824388                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups    607824388                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps    134502206                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps       16999508                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts        14982                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts         7561                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts         1446804                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads     30464967                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores     15412487                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads       139466                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores       743768                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded        128797939                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        15028                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued       123915031                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        64401                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      9832861                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     23413559                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           73                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    213787399                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579618                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.376992                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    169760261     79.41%     79.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     13180357      6.17%     85.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10830842      5.07%     90.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      4672216      2.19%     92.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5921487      2.77%     95.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      5742940      2.69%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3260541      1.53%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       257592      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       161163      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    213787399                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        314019     11.10%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2445247     86.40%     97.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        70926      2.51%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     77728874     62.73%     62.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1081407      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7420      0.01%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     29718708     23.98%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     15378622     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total    123915031                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.550392                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt           2830192                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022840                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    464512054                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    138648997                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    122861116                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses    126745223                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       224237                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1165804                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          490                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3177                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        92675                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        10985                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles      1935241                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles       3553652                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles       162564                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    128813044                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1318                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     30464967                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     15412487                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         7562                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents       111015                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           87                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3177                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       539000                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       539771                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts      1078771                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts    123050105                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     29618314                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       864926                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                  77                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs           44995480                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches       16121566                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores         15377166                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.546551                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent            122864980                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count           122861116                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers        66350293                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers       130691525                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.545711                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.507686                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts     99835569                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps    117323164                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts     11502685                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        14955                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts       940864                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    211852158                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553797                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377486                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    169322513     79.92%     79.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     15506857      7.32%     87.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      7282621      3.44%     90.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      7199226      3.40%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1958254      0.92%     95.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      8377884      3.95%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       625647      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       456179      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1122977      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    211852158                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts     99835569                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps    117323164                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs             44618967                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads            29299160                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars              7466                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches         15493313                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts       104328206                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls      1136366                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events      1122977                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads          339554731                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes         259587148                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled               4075047                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles              11352091                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts          99835569                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps           117323164                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total     99835569                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.255103                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.255103                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.443439                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.443439                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads      608366679                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes     142671541                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads     153782376                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes        14932                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                 48                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles              225139490                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups       18586843                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15206614                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1811701                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7649996                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7312053                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1920471                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        82391                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles    178923594                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts            103949750                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches          18586843                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches      9232524                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles            21688663                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles       4945367                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles      4182670                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines        10943789                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1813537                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples    207904983                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.613951                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.956509                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0      186216320     89.57%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1        1006086      0.48%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2        1601230      0.77%     90.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3        2174843      1.05%     91.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4        2235610      1.08%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5        1896206      0.91%     93.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6        1065560      0.51%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7        1579439      0.76%     95.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8       10129689      4.87%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total    207904983                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.082557                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.461713                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles      177104027                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles      6017559                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles        21650400                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles        23296                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles      3109698                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved      3061036                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          361                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts    127547930                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         1911                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles      3109698                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles      177586069                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles       1252149                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles      3652883                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles        21197756                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles      1106425                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts    127507895                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents          154                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents       149717                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents       483167                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands    177914192                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups    593186412                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups    593186412                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps    154306925                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps       23607261                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts        31627                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts        16457                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts         3293223                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads     11925809                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores      6469759                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads        76205                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores      1548813                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded        127366999                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        31742                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued       120965104                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        16537                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     14052493                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     33664124                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1149                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    207904983                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581829                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.272625                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    156713026     75.38%     75.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     21054397     10.13%     85.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10656952      5.13%     90.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8047075      3.87%     94.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6321692      3.04%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2563034      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1599262      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       838292      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       111253      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    207904983                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         23225     11.60%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead        73648     36.80%     48.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       103260     51.60%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    101734058     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1808250      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        15167      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     10957835      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6449794      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total    120965104                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.537290                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt            200133                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001654                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    450051861                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    141451722                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    119166278                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses    121165237                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       246254                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1901681                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          126                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          490                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        92803                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles      3109698                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles       1002114                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles       107012                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    127398874                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         6962                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     11925809                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6469759                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        16460                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents        90496                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            8                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          490                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1052682                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1020113                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts      2072795                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts    119310524                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10312286                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1654580                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                 133                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs           16761829                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches       16953300                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores          6449543                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.529940                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent            119166500                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count           119166278                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers        68402875                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers       184301008                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.529300                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.371148                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts     89950668                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps    110682927                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts     16715964                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        30593                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts      1834627                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    204795285                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.540456                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.389164                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    159385565     77.83%     77.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     22511439     10.99%     88.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8496527      4.15%     92.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4057745      1.98%     94.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3418258      1.67%     96.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1959944      0.96%     97.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1709359      0.83%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       775291      0.38%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2481157      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    204795285                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts     89950668                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps    110682927                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs             16401080                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads            10024124                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars             15262                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches         15960529                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts        99724074                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls      2279195                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events      2481157                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads          329712395                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes         257907533                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled               2706870                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles              17234507                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts          89950668                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps           110682927                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total     89950668                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.502922                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.502922                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.399533                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.399533                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads      536987163                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes     165990639                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads     118250768                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes        30566                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                 22                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles              225139490                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups       17104210                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15268192                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1358560                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     11376644                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits       11155077                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1025371                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        40768                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles    180665912                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts             97144624                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches          17104210                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches     12180448                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles            21653753                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles       4466581                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles      2749447                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines        10926901                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1333598                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples    208169479                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.522872                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.765222                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0      186515726     89.60%     89.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1        3301602      1.59%     91.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2        1664272      0.80%     91.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3        3263233      1.57%     93.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4        1047750      0.50%     94.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5        3017214      1.45%     95.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6         477154      0.23%     95.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7         774087      0.37%     96.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8        8108441      3.90%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total    208169479                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.075972                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.431486                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles      178340342                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles      5116209                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles        21611265                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles        17297                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles      3084362                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved      1620011                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred        16005                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts    108674533                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts        30418                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles      3084362                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles      178598676                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles       3115581                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles      1213930                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles        21375570                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles       781356                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts    108517394                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents          181                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents        84307                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents       632416                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands    142214408                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups    491806764                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups    491806764                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps    115323537                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps       26890871                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts        14553                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts         7359                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts         1671373                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads     19559700                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores      3182239                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads        20856                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores       726622                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded        107956494                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        14604                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued       101088950                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        64657                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     19489395                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     39883060                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           94                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    208169479                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.485609                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.098052                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    163808351     78.69%     78.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14035559      6.74%     85.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     14784476      7.10%     92.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8620751      4.14%     96.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      4435875      2.13%     98.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1110967      0.53%     99.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1316698      0.63%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        30753      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        26049      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    208169479                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        168854     57.17%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead        69411     23.50%     80.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        57091     19.33%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     79275503     78.42%     78.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       792563      0.78%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7196      0.01%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     17858062     17.67%     96.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3155626      3.12%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total    101088950                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.449006                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt            295356                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002922                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    410707392                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    127460761                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     98528204                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses    101384306                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        78277                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      3979464                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          105                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          277                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        77851                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles      3084362                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles       2077954                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles        97346                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    107971167                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         8803                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     19559700                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3182239                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         7356                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents        36832                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2057                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          277                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       915972                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       524737                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts      1440709                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts     99810151                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     17605702                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1278799                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                  69                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs           20761178                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches       15172788                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores          3155476                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.443326                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent             98550129                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count            98528204                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers        59611997                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers       129844450                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.437632                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.459103                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts     78468327                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps     88346549                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts     19629047                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        14510                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts      1349996                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    205085117                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.430780                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.301487                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    172188099     83.96%     83.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     12925447      6.30%     90.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8302889      4.05%     94.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2616753      1.28%     95.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4336175      2.11%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       847047      0.41%     98.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       536592      0.26%     98.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       491342      0.24%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2840773      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    205085117                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts     78468327                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps     88346549                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs             18684624                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads            15580236                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars              7240                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches         13555038                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts        77208611                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls      1105243                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events      2840773                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads          310219654                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes         219038012                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled               4010699                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles              16970011                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts          78468327                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps            88346549                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total     78468327                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.869177                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.869177                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.348532                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.348532                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads      463936169                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes     128374264                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads     115413960                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes        14496                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                 22                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles              225139490                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups       17098376                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15259621                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1358278                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     11322000                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits       11144246                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1025094                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        40679                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles    180562374                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts             97106590                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches          17098376                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches     12169340                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles            21639650                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles       4466709                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles      2749994                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines        10920660                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1333322                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples    208052784                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.522964                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.765505                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0      186413134     89.60%     89.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1        3299247      1.59%     91.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2        1660494      0.80%     91.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3        3258387      1.57%     93.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4        1047102      0.50%     94.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5        3015692      1.45%     95.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6         475555      0.23%     95.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7         776858      0.37%     96.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8        8106315      3.90%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total    208052784                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.075946                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.431317                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles      178232043                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles      5121478                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles        21597007                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles        17495                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles      3084757                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved      1622305                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred        16010                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts    108632649                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts        30438                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles      3084757                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles      178491045                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles       3123848                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles      1208509                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles        21360918                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles       783703                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts    108474453                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents          178                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents        84628                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents       634749                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands    142150165                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups    491604376                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups    491604376                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps    115264823                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps       26885326                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts        14560                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts         7368                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts         1674399                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads     19549678                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores      3181554                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads        20550                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores       726556                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded        107913195                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        14612                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued       101045806                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        64899                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     19490445                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     39867070                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          109                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    208052784                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.485674                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.098174                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    163716732     78.69%     78.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14023232      6.74%     85.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     14775488      7.10%     92.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8616725      4.14%     96.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      4436744      2.13%     98.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1111394      0.53%     99.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1315841      0.63%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        30593      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        26035      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    208052784                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        169051     57.18%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead        69414     23.48%     80.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        57193     19.34%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     79244043     78.42%     78.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       792177      0.78%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7192      0.01%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     17847607     17.66%     96.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3154787      3.12%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total    101045806                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.448814                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt            295658                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002926                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    410504953                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    127418517                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     98489695                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses    101341464                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        79995                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      3976956                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           85                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          275                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        78812                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles      3084757                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles       2083306                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles        97146                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    107927885                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         4409                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     19549678                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3181554                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         7367                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents        36417                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2040                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          275                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       913675                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       526579                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts      1440254                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts     99769369                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     17597194                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1276437                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                  78                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs           20751807                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches       15167782                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores          3154613                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.443145                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent             98512110                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count            98489695                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers        59587102                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers       129801964                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.437461                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.459062                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts     78428925                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps     88301862                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts     19630546                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        14503                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts      1349722                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    204968027                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.430808                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.301617                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    172093314     83.96%     83.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     12913173      6.30%     90.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8297099      4.05%     94.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2616275      1.28%     95.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4334737      2.11%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       845521      0.41%     98.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       536801      0.26%     98.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       490549      0.24%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2840558      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    204968027                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts     78428925                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps     88301862                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs             18675461                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads            15572719                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars              7236                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches         13548220                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts        77169491                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls      1104668                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events      2840558                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads          310059591                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes         218951992                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled               4010012                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles              17086706                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts          78428925                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps            88301862                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total     78428925                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.870618                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.870618                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.348357                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.348357                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads      463746013                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes     128321389                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads     115369553                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes        14490                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                 45                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles              225139490                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups       18253613                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted     14927562                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1783793                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7623652                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7205788                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1879044                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        79301                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles    177254589                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts            103569542                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches          18253613                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches      9084832                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles            21709216                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles       5175513                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles      3092480                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines        10899201                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1797780                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples    205408787                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616115                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.967402                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0      183699571     89.43%     89.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1        1178154      0.57%     90.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2        1861527      0.91%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3        2963786      1.44%     92.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4        1222501      0.60%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5        1371856      0.67%     93.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6        1461545      0.71%     94.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7         954529      0.46%     94.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8       10695318      5.21%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total    205408787                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.081077                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.460024                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles      175629516                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles      4730593                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles        21641590                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles        55031                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles      3352054                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved      2993341                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          451                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts    126476936                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         2873                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles      3352054                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles      175899400                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles       1512010                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles      2442124                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles        21431226                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles       771970                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts    126405146                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents        21287                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents       216232                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents       292270                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.FullRegisterEvents        34647                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands    175500101                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups    588013149                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups    588013149                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps    149910971                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps       25589096                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts        32303                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts        17807                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts         2329967                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads     12047329                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores      6474885                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads       195840                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores      1474328                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded        126231929                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        32389                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued       119519902                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       147217                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15959586                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     35390725                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3157                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    205408787                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581864                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.273717                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    155014592     75.47%     75.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     20228569      9.85%     85.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11057825      5.38%     90.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7539679      3.67%     94.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7050950      3.43%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2026701      0.99%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1583437      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       537553      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       369481      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    205408787                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         27882     12.55%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead        85557     38.51%     51.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       108741     48.94%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    100124496     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1888968      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        14494      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11048011      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6443933      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total    119519902                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.530870                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt            222180                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001859                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    444817985                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    142225202                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    117596608                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses    119742082                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       361123                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2153229                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          265                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1327                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       185287                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         7456                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles      3352054                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles       1021306                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles       106856                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    126264439                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        46276                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12047329                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6474885                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        17787                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents        78476                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           24                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1327                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1043284                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1016640                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts      2059924                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts    117816995                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10390221                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1702904                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                 121                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs           16832633                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches       16577093                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores          6442412                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.523307                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent            117597542                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count           117596608                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers        68755469                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers       179622700                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.522328                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.382777                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts     88058403                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps    107936310                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18328296                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        29232                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts      1821671                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    202056733                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.534188                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.387756                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    158235772     78.31%     78.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     21222484     10.50%     88.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8262860      4.09%     92.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4451292      2.20%     95.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3333346      1.65%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1861886      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1147284      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1026760      0.51%     98.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2515049      1.24%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    202056733                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts     88058403                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps    107936310                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs             16183698                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads             9894100                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars             14584                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches         15493981                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts        97258342                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls      2192607                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events      2515049                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads          325805705                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes         255881475                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled               2859676                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles              19730703                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts          88058403                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps           107936310                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total     88058403                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.556706                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.556706                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.391128                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.391128                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads      531310243                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes     163010664                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads     117968808                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes        29206                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                 50                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles              225139490                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups       20396801                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16983352                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1853481                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7752531                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7459325                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2194212                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        86011                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles    177467329                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts            111902121                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches          20396801                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches      9653537                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles            23325025                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles       5158308                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles      6040932                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines        11019944                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1771900                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples    210121309                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.654493                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.029565                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0      186796284     88.90%     88.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1        1429836      0.68%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2        1799959      0.86%     90.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3        2871419      1.37%     91.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4        1209439      0.58%     92.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5        1547276      0.74%     93.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6        1803300      0.86%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7         825424      0.39%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8       11838372      5.63%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total    210121309                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.090596                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.497035                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles      176422856                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles      7186027                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles        23213878                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles        11050                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles      3287490                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved      3103840                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          533                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts    136782096                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         2261                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles      3287490                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles      176601284                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles        572764                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles      6114346                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles        23046372                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles       499046                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts    135939779                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents          136                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents        72100                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents       348004                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands    189860956                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups    632156717                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups    632156717                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps    158906190                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps       30954757                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts        32885                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts        17125                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts         1751652                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads     12725638                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores      6656376                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads        74412                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores      1504827                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded        132718844                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        33005                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued       127345185                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       126912                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     16063068                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     32678428                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1212                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    210121309                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.606056                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326971                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    156164297     74.32%     74.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     24607301     11.71%     86.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10062014      4.79%     90.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5640285      2.68%     93.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7638550      3.64%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2353775      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2313706      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1243358      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        98023      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    210121309                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        877079     79.02%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead       119268     10.75%     89.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       113541     10.23%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    107284649     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1741025      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        15759      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11667397      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6636355      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total    127345185                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.565628                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1109888                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008716                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    466048477                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    148815531                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    124034218                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses    128455073                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        94444                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2397613                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           44                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          616                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        93283                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           29                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles      3287490                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles        435918                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles        54501                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    132751854                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       104091                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12725638                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6656376                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        17126                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents        47473                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           52                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          616                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1098781                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1041427                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts      2140208                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts    125129662                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11478554                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2215521                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs           18114274                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches       17695726                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores          6635720                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.555787                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent            124034659                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count           124034218                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers        74315098                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers       199636831                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.550922                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.372251                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts     92448491                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps    113917749                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18834619                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        31793                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts      1869297                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    206833819                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550769                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.371201                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    158619927     76.69%     76.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     24434603     11.81%     88.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8870467      4.29%     92.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4421453      2.14%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4041388      1.95%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1697621      0.82%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1681276      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       800132      0.39%     98.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2266952      1.10%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    206833819                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts     92448491                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps    113917749                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs             16891112                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads            10328019                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars             15860                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches         16511790                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts       102563350                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls      2352401                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events      2266952                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads          337318585                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes         268792247                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled               2691580                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles              15018181                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts          92448491                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps           113917749                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total     92448491                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.435297                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.435297                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.410628                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.410628                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads      563036085                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes     173316855                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads     126506909                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes        31766                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                 22                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles              225139490                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups       17093579                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15262739                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1358003                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     11325205                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits       11148163                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1025004                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        40883                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles    180583982                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts             97108047                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches          17093579                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches     12173167                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles            21646591                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles       4465556                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles      2749612                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines        10922686                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1333119                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples    208080089                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.522877                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.765167                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0      186433498     89.60%     89.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1        3297659      1.58%     91.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2        1667286      0.80%     91.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3        3265208      1.57%     93.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4        1047143      0.50%     94.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5        3015029      1.45%     95.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6         476707      0.23%     95.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7         772066      0.37%     96.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8        8105493      3.90%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total    208080089                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.075924                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.431324                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles      178283765                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles      5091073                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles        21604037                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles        17308                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles      3083902                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved      1614770                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred        16004                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts    108628530                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts        30351                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles      3083902                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles      178539475                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles       3100949                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles      1209526                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles        21369766                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles       776467                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts    108471653                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents          170                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents        84156                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents       627672                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands    142161851                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups    491624436                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups    491624436                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps    115280711                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps       26881110                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts        14557                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts         7365                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts         1665928                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads     19561482                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores      3180895                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads        20197                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores       725212                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded        107915873                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        14606                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued       101052218                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        65147                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     19479661                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     39882087                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          104                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    208080089                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.485641                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.098174                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    163743005     78.69%     78.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14018927      6.74%     85.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     14783456      7.10%     92.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8613983      4.14%     96.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      4436206      2.13%     98.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1110639      0.53%     99.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1316870      0.63%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        30833      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        26170      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    208080089                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        169176     57.15%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead        69516     23.48%     80.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        57337     19.37%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     79240403     78.42%     78.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       792097      0.78%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7192      0.01%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     17858195     17.67%     96.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3154331      3.12%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total    101052218                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.448843                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt            296029                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002929                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    410545698                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    127410390                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     98491406                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses    101348247                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        78401                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      3984737                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          103                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          261                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        78142                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles      3083902                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles       2077797                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles        96126                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    107930550                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        14364                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     19561482                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3180895                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         7362                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents        36498                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2035                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          261                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       914500                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       526038                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts      1440538                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts     99776169                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     17606413                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1276046                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                  71                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs           20760569                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches       15165947                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores          3154156                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.443175                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent             98513373                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count            98491406                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers        59596417                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers       129802388                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.437468                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.459132                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts     78442386                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps     88315323                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts     19619642                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        14502                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts      1349453                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    204996187                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.430814                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.301578                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    172115258     83.96%     83.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     12915774      6.30%     90.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8299129      4.05%     94.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2616069      1.28%     95.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4335290      2.11%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       846625      0.41%     98.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       537044      0.26%     98.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       491449      0.24%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2839549      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    204996187                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts     78442386                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps     88315323                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs             18679489                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads            15576736                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars              7236                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches         13550457                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts        77180727                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls      1104674                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events      2839549                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads          310091317                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes         218956313                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled               4011885                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles              17059401                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts          78442386                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps            88315323                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total     78442386                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.870125                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.870125                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.348417                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.348417                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads      463792001                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes     128326688                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads     115374543                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes        14488                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.replacements                         266300                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tagsinuse                      32761.672213                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.total_refs                          1807665                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.sampled_refs                         299057                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.avg_refs                           6.044550                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.warmup_cycle                              0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           242.929624                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst     3.868141                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data  2758.210109                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst     4.194610                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data  1319.426839                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst     3.440998                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data  1042.946727                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst     4.340994                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data  1316.024574                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst     2.932836                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data  1774.312279                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst     3.341947                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data  1757.498726                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst     3.309949                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data  1670.825995                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst     4.342125                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data  1315.045492                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst     2.959450                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data  1051.827200                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst     3.522425                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data  2745.052734                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst     4.489063                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data  1281.982375                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst     3.215867                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data  1656.461089                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst     3.112547                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data  1710.489206                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst     3.994286                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data  2389.699072                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst     3.754426                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data  1043.450740                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst     3.350825                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data  1709.603922                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu00.data           544.998175                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu01.data           304.377803                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu02.data           259.700530                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu03.data           307.511738                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu04.data           395.691209                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu05.data           386.544201                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu06.data           380.045905                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu07.data           300.790108                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu08.data           262.644247                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu09.data           504.664541                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu10.data           381.926746                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu11.data           415.189046                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu12.data           353.673338                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu13.data           473.965642                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu14.data           284.656973                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu15.data           361.334815                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_percent::writebacks            0.007414                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000118                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.084174                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000128                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.040266                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000105                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.031828                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000132                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.040162                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000090                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.054148                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000102                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.053635                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000101                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.050990                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000133                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.040132                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000090                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.032099                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000107                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.083772                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000137                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.039123                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000098                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.050551                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000095                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.052200                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.072928                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000115                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.031844                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000102                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.052173                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu00.data            0.016632                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu01.data            0.009289                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu02.data            0.007925                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu03.data            0.009385                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu04.data            0.012076                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu05.data            0.011796                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu06.data            0.011598                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu07.data            0.009179                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu08.data            0.008015                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu09.data            0.015401                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu10.data            0.011655                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu11.data            0.012671                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu12.data            0.010793                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu13.data            0.014464                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu14.data            0.008687                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu15.data            0.011027                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::total                 0.999807                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        44712                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        23688                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        22307                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        23731                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        31904                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        31892                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        31594                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        23664                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        22506                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        43728                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        24348                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        31842                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        31307                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        39153                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        22461                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        31482                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                  480342                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks           146986                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                146986                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data           69                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          140                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          190                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          134                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          138                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          138                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data           63                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          137                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          189                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data           64                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          141                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           58                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data           63                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          119                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          189                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data           62                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  1894                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data        44781                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data        23828                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data        22497                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data        23865                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data        32042                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data        32030                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data        31657                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data        23801                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data        22695                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data        43792                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data        24489                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data        31900                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data        31370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data        39272                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data        22650                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data        31544                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   482236                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data        44781                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data        23828                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data        22497                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data        23865                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data        32042                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data        32030                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data        31657                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data        23801                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data        22695                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data        43792                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data        24489                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data        31900                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data        31370                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data        39272                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data        22650                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data        31544                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  482236                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        27300                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        12646                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        10176                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        12612                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data        17223                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        17188                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        17571                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data        12684                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        10044                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data        28239                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        12012                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        17307                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        17864                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        24883                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        10056                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        17704                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                266131                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           11                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           10                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                  31                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        27300                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        12646                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        10176                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        12612                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data        17234                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        17198                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        17571                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data        12684                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        10044                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data        28244                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        12012                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        17311                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        17864                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        24883                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        10056                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        17705                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 266162                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        27300                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        12646                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        10176                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        12612                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data        17234                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        17198                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        17571                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data        12684                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        10044                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data        28244                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        12012                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        17311                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        17864                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        24883                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        10056                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        17705                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                266162                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5964110                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   4377016967                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6564370                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2031175869                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6133634                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1638975070                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6715263                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2017246823                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5797514                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2782407294                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5929848                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2781395033                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5367063                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2808687226                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6327788                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2034633641                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5550617                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1620708657                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6256723                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   4530869625                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6464173                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1928768499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5357892                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2770641113                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5110578                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2857400436                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6141198                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   4013944224                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6738431                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1619011336                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5299621                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2834790903                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     42743391539                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      1767602                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      1529693                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       814917                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       576500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       131770                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total       4820482                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5964110                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   4377016967                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6564370                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2031175869                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6133634                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1638975070                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6715263                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2017246823                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5797514                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2784174896                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5929848                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2782924726                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5367063                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2808687226                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6327788                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2034633641                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5550617                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1620708657                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6256723                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   4531684542                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6464173                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1928768499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5357892                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2771217613                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5110578                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2857400436                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6141198                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   4013944224                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6738431                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1619011336                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5299621                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2834922673                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      42748212021                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5964110                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   4377016967                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6564370                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2031175869                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6133634                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1638975070                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6715263                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2017246823                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5797514                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2784174896                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5929848                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2782924726                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5367063                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2808687226                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6327788                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2034633641                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5550617                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1620708657                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6256723                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   4531684542                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6464173                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1928768499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5357892                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2771217613                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5110578                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2857400436                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6141198                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   4013944224                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6738431                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1619011336                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5299621                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2834922673                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     42748212021                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        72012                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        36334                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        32483                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        36343                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        49127                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        49080                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        49165                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        36348                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        32550                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        71967                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        36360                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        49149                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        49171                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        64036                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        32517                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        49186                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total              746473                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       146986                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total            146986                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data           69                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          140                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          190                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          134                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          149                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          148                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           63                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          137                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          189                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           69                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          141                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           62                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           63                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          119                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          189                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           63                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              1925                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        72081                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        36474                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        32673                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        36477                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        49276                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        49228                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        49228                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        36485                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        32739                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        72036                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        36501                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        49211                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        49234                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        64155                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        32706                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        49249                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               748398                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        72081                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        36474                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        32673                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           44                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        36477                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        49276                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        49228                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        49228                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        36485                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        32739                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        72036                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        36501                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        49211                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        49234                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        64155                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           45                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        32706                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        49249                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              748398                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.379103                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.348049                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.313272                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.347027                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.350581                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.350204                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.357388                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.348960                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.308571                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.976744                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.392388                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.330363                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.352133                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.363304                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.976190                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.388578                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.955556                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.309254                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.359940                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.356518                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.073826                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.067568                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.072464                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.064516                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.015873                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.016104                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.378741                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.346713                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.311450                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.345752                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.349744                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.349354                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.356931                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.347650                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.306790                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.976744                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.392082                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.329087                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.351771                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.362839                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.976190                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.387858                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.955556                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.307467                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.359500                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.355642                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.378741                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.346713                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.311450                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.345752                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.349744                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.349354                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.356931                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.347650                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.306790                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.976744                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.392082                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.329087                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.351771                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.362839                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.976190                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.387858                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.955556                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.307467                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.359500                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.355642                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 152925.897436                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 160330.291832                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 160106.585366                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 160618.050688                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 157272.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 161062.801690                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 159887.214286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 159946.624088                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 152566.157895                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 161551.837311                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 152047.384615                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 161821.912555                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 149085.083333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 159847.887201                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 158194.700000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 160409.463970                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 154183.805556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 161360.877838                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 148969.595238                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 160447.240518                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 157662.756098                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 160570.138112                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 153082.628571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 160087.890044                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 150311.117647                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 159953.002463                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 149785.317073                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 161312.712454                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 156707.697674                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 160999.536197                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 147211.694444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 160121.492488                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 160610.344300                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 160691.090909                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 152969.300000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 162983.400000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       144125                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       131770                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 155499.419355                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 152925.897436                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 160330.291832                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 160106.585366                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 160618.050688                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 157272.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 161062.801690                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 159887.214286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 159946.624088                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 152566.157895                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 161551.287919                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 152047.384615                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 161816.765089                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 149085.083333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 159847.887201                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 158194.700000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 160409.463970                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 154183.805556                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 161360.877838                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 148969.595238                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 160447.689492                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 157662.756098                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 160570.138112                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 153082.628571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 160084.201548                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 150311.117647                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 159953.002463                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 149785.317073                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 161312.712454                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 156707.697674                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 160999.536197                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 147211.694444                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 160119.891161                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 160609.749029                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 152925.897436                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 160330.291832                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 160106.585366                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 160618.050688                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 157272.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 161062.801690                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 159887.214286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 159946.624088                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 152566.157895                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 161551.287919                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 152047.384615                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 161816.765089                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 149085.083333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 159847.887201                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 158194.700000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 160409.463970                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 154183.805556                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 161360.877838                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 148969.595238                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 160447.689492                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 157662.756098                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 160570.138112                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 153082.628571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 160084.201548                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 150311.117647                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 159953.002463                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 149785.317073                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 161312.712454                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 156707.697674                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 160999.536197                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 147211.694444                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 160119.891161                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 160609.749029                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                75153                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     75153                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        27300                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        12646                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        10176                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        12612                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        17223                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        17188                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        17571                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        12684                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        10044                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        28239                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        12012                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        17307                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        17864                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        24883                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        10056                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        17704                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           266131                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data           11                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data           10                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total             31                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        27300                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        12646                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        10176                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        12612                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        17234                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        17198                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        17571                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        12684                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        10044                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        28244                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        12012                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        17311                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        17864                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        24883                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        10056                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        17705                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            266162                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        27300                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        12646                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        10176                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        12612                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        17234                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        17198                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        17571                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        12684                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        10044                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        28244                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        12012                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        17311                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        17864                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        24883                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        10056                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        17705                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           266162                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3696641                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2787798894                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      4180391                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1294699321                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3866168                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1046331678                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      4275052                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1282741179                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3585920                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1779268233                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3659442                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1780261195                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3269990                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1785042727                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      4004097                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1295942096                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3457177                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1035819696                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3811238                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2886937330                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4082664                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1229299666                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3320782                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1762441050                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3131375                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1816715507                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3751460                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2564929862                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      4236924                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1033394257                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3205830                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1803489835                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  27244647677                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      1126529                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       947482                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       523674                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       342399                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data        73095                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3013179                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3696641                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2787798894                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      4180391                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1294699321                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3866168                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1046331678                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      4275052                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1282741179                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3585920                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1780394762                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3659442                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1781208677                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3269990                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1785042727                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      4004097                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1295942096                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3457177                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1035819696                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3811238                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2887461004                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4082664                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1229299666                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3320782                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1762783449                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3131375                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1816715507                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3751460                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2564929862                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      4236924                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1033394257                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3205830                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1803562930                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  27247660856                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3696641                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2787798894                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      4180391                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1294699321                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3866168                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1046331678                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      4275052                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1282741179                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3585920                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1780394762                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3659442                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1781208677                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3269990                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1785042727                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      4004097                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1295942096                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3457177                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1035819696                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3811238                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2887461004                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4082664                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1229299666                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3320782                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1762783449                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3131375                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1816715507                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3751460                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2564929862                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      4236924                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1033394257                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3205830                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1803562930                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  27247660856                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.379103                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.348049                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.313272                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.347027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.350581                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.350204                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.357388                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.348960                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.308571                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.976744                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.392388                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.330363                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.352133                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.363304                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.976190                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.388578                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.955556                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.309254                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.359940                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.356518                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.073826                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.067568                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.072464                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.064516                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.015873                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016104                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.378741                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.346713                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.311450                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.345752                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.349744                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.349354                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.356931                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.347650                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.306790                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.976744                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.392082                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.329087                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.351771                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.362839                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.976190                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.387858                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.955556                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.307467                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.359500                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.355642                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.378741                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.346713                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.311450                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.345752                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.349744                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.349354                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.356931                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.347650                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.306790                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.976744                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.392082                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.329087                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.351771                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.362839                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.976190                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.387858                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.955556                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.307467                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.359500                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.355642                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 94785.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 102117.175604                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 101960.756098                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 102380.145580                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 99132.512821                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 102823.474646                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 101786.952381                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 101707.990723                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 94366.315789                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 103307.683505                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 93831.846154                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 103575.820049                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 90833.055556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 101590.275283                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 100102.425000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 102171.404604                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 96032.694444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 103128.205496                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 90743.761905                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 102232.279118                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 99577.170732                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 102339.299534                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 94879.485714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 101834.000693                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 92099.264706                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 101697.016738                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 91499.024390                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 103079.607041                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 98533.116279                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 102763.947593                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 89050.833333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 101869.059817                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102373.070695                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 102411.727273                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 94748.200000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 104734.800000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 85599.750000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data        73095                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97199.322581                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 94785.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 102117.175604                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 101960.756098                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 102380.145580                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 99132.512821                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 102823.474646                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 101786.952381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 101707.990723                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 94366.315789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 103307.111640                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 93831.846154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 103570.687115                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 90833.055556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 101590.275283                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 100102.425000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 102171.404604                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 96032.694444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 103128.205496                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 90743.761905                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 102232.722136                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 99577.170732                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 102339.299534                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 94879.485714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 101830.249495                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 92099.264706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 101697.016738                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 91499.024390                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 103079.607041                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 98533.116279                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 102763.947593                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 89050.833333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 101867.434623                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102372.468106                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 94785.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 102117.175604                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 101960.756098                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 102380.145580                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 99132.512821                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 102823.474646                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 101786.952381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 101707.990723                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 94366.315789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 103307.111640                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 93831.846154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 103570.687115                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 90833.055556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 101590.275283                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 100102.425000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 102171.404604                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 96032.694444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 103128.205496                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 90743.761905                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 102232.722136                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 99577.170732                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 102339.299534                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 94879.485714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 101830.249495                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 92099.264706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 101697.016738                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 91499.024390                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 103079.607041                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 98533.116279                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 102763.947593                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 89050.833333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 101867.434623                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102372.468106                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              579.292547                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1010678775                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  583                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1733582.804460                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    38.262754                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst   541.029793                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.061319                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.867035                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.928353                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     10670885                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10670885                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     10670885                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total       10670885                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     10670885                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total      10670885                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      8435760                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8435760                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      8435760                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8435760                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      8435760                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8435760                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     10670935                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10670935                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     10670935                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total     10670935                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     10670935                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total     10670935                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 168715.200000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 168715.200000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 168715.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 168715.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 168715.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 168715.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6950783                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6950783                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6950783                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6950783                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6950783                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6950783                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 173769.575000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173769.575000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 173769.575000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173769.575000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 173769.575000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173769.575000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                72081                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              432109361                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                72337                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs              5973.559326                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   111.878449                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data   144.121551                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.437025                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.562975                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data     27995247                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      27995247                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data     15329923                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     15329923                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         7487                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7487                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         7478                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7478                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data     43325170                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total       43325170                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data     43325170                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total      43325170                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data       255080                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       255080                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          228                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          228                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data       255308                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total       255308                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data       255308                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total       255308                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  30100176827                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  30100176827                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     19961862                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     19961862                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  30120138689                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  30120138689                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  30120138689                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  30120138689                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     28250327                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     28250327                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     15330151                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     15330151                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         7487                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7487                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         7478                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7478                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     43580478                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total     43580478                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     43580478                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total     43580478                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.009029                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009029                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.005858                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005858                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.005858                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005858                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 118002.888611                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 118002.888611                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 87552.026316                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87552.026316                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 117975.694804                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 117975.694804                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 117975.694804                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 117975.694804                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        14778                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total           14778                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       183068                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       183068                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          159                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          159                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       183227                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       183227                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       183227                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       183227                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        72012                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        72012                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        72081                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        72081                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        72081                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        72081                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   7772519960                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7772519960                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      4916026                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4916026                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   7777435986                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7777435986                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   7777435986                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7777435986                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002549                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002549                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.001654                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001654                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.001654                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001654                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 107933.677165                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107933.677165                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 71246.753623                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71246.753623                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 107898.558372                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107898.558372                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 107898.558372                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107898.558372                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              517.208551                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs              981386906                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1894569.316602                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    42.208551                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.067642                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.828860                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     10936544                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10936544                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     10936544                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total       10936544                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     10936544                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total      10936544                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      9966260                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9966260                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      9966260                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9966260                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      9966260                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9966260                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     10936593                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10936593                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     10936593                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total     10936593                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     10936593                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total     10936593                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 203393.061224                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 203393.061224                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 203393.061224                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 203393.061224                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 203393.061224                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 203393.061224                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      8812332                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8812332                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      8812332                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      8812332                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      8812332                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      8812332                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 204937.953488                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 204937.953488                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 204937.953488                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 204937.953488                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 204937.953488                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 204937.953488                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                36474                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              160514991                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                36730                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs              4370.133161                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   233.743626                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    22.256374                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.913061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.086939                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      7531197                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7531197                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      6340963                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6340963                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        16245                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        16245                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        15269                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15269                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data     13872160                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total       13872160                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data     13872160                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total      13872160                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data       116682                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       116682                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          831                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          831                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data       117513                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total       117513                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data       117513                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total       117513                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  14319153549                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  14319153549                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     72394619                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     72394619                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  14391548168                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  14391548168                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  14391548168                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  14391548168                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      7647879                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7647879                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      6341794                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6341794                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        16245                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        16245                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        15269                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15269                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     13989673                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total     13989673                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     13989673                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total     13989673                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.015257                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015257                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000131                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000131                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008400                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008400                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008400                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008400                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 122719.473004                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 122719.473004                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 87117.471721                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87117.471721                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 122467.711385                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 122467.711385                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 122467.711385                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 122467.711385                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7597                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total            7597                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        80348                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        80348                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data          691                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          691                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        81039                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        81039                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        81039                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        81039                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        36334                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36334                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          140                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          140                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        36474                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        36474                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        36474                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        36474                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3744463709                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3744463709                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      9529127                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9529127                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3753992836                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3753992836                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3753992836                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3753992836                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.004751                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004751                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002607                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002607                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002607                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002607                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 103056.743243                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103056.743243                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 68065.192857                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68065.192857                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 102922.433405                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102922.433405                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 102922.433405                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102922.433405                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              495.212211                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs              984601238                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1985083.141129                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    40.212211                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.064443                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.793609                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     11017677                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11017677                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     11017677                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total       11017677                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     11017677                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total      11017677                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      8939037                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8939037                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      8939037                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8939037                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      8939037                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8939037                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     11017730                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11017730                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     11017730                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total     11017730                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     11017730                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total     11017730                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 168661.075472                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 168661.075472                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 168661.075472                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 168661.075472                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 168661.075472                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 168661.075472                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      7253513                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7253513                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      7253513                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7253513                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      7253513                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7253513                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 176914.951220                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 176914.951220                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 176914.951220                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 176914.951220                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 176914.951220                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 176914.951220                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                32673                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              158094694                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                32929                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs              4801.077895                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   233.265563                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    22.734437                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.911194                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.088806                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      8788482                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8788482                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      6529302                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6529302                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        17033                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17033                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        15883                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15883                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data     15317784                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total       15317784                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data     15317784                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total      15317784                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        83782                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        83782                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1929                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1929                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        85711                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total        85711                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        85711                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total        85711                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   9037314380                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   9037314380                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    127284987                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    127284987                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   9164599367                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   9164599367                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   9164599367                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   9164599367                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      8872264                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8872264                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      6531231                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6531231                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        17033                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17033                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        15883                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15883                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     15403495                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15403495                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     15403495                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15403495                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.009443                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009443                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000295                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000295                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.005564                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005564                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.005564                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005564                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 107867.016543                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107867.016543                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 65984.959565                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 65984.959565                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 106924.424718                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 106924.424718                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 106924.424718                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 106924.424718                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       294266                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 58853.200000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7047                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total            7047                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        51299                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        51299                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1739                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1739                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        53038                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        53038                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        53038                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        53038                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        32483                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        32483                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          190                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          190                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        32673                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        32673                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        32673                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        32673                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3230664432                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3230664432                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     14372945                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14372945                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3245037377                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3245037377                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3245037377                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3245037377                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003661                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003661                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002121                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002121                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002121                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002121                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 99457.083151                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99457.083151                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 75647.078947                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75647.078947                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 99318.623236                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99318.623236                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 99318.623236                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99318.623236                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              517.994438                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs              981387714                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1890920.450867                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    42.994438                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.068901                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.830119                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     10937352                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10937352                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     10937352                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total       10937352                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     10937352                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total      10937352                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     10263202                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     10263202                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     10263202                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     10263202                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     10263202                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     10263202                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     10937405                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10937405                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     10937405                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total     10937405                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     10937405                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total     10937405                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 193645.320755                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 193645.320755                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 193645.320755                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 193645.320755                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 193645.320755                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 193645.320755                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      8675345                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8675345                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      8675345                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      8675345                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      8675345                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      8675345                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 197166.931818                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 197166.931818                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 197166.931818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 197166.931818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 197166.931818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 197166.931818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                36477                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              160516069                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                36733                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs              4369.805597                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   233.745848                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    22.254152                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.913070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.086930                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      7532055                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7532055                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      6341121                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6341121                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        16307                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        16307                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        15269                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15269                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data     13873176                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total       13873176                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data     13873176                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total      13873176                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data       116742                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       116742                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          780                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          780                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data       117522                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total       117522                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data       117522                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total       117522                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  14263434358                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  14263434358                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     67896114                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     67896114                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  14331330472                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  14331330472                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  14331330472                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  14331330472                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      7648797                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7648797                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      6341901                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6341901                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        16307                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        16307                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        15269                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15269                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     13990698                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total     13990698                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     13990698                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total     13990698                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.015263                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015263                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000123                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000123                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008400                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008400                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008400                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008400                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 122179.115982                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 122179.115982                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 87046.300000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87046.300000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 121945.937544                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 121945.937544                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 121945.937544                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 121945.937544                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7597                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total            7597                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        80399                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        80399                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          646                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          646                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        81045                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        81045                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        81045                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        81045                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        36343                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36343                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          134                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          134                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        36477                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        36477                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        36477                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        36477                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3734304585                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3734304585                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      9046777                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9046777                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3743351362                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3743351362                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3743351362                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3743351362                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.004751                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004751                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002607                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002607                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002607                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002607                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 102751.687670                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102751.687670                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 67513.261194                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67513.261194                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 102622.237629                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102622.237629                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 102622.237629                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102622.237629                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              518.909566                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs              982453602                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  521                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1885707.489443                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    36.909566                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.059150                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.831586                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     10774261                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10774261                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     10774261                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total       10774261                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     10774261                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total      10774261                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      8259003                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8259003                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      8259003                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8259003                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      8259003                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8259003                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     10774311                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10774311                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     10774311                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total     10774311                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     10774311                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total     10774311                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 165180.060000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 165180.060000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 165180.060000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 165180.060000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 165180.060000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 165180.060000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6612396                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6612396                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6612396                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6612396                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6612396                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6612396                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 169548.615385                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169548.615385                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 169548.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169548.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 169548.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169548.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                49276                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              166440461                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                49532                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs              3360.261265                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   234.023628                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    21.976372                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.914155                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.085845                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      7584105                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7584105                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      6429712                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6429712                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        15953                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        15953                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        14797                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        14797                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data     14013817                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total       14013817                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data     14013817                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total      14013817                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data       168713                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       168713                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3747                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3747                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data       172460                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total       172460                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data       172460                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total       172460                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  21712573973                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  21712573973                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    474865651                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    474865651                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  22187439624                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  22187439624                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  22187439624                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  22187439624                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      7752818                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7752818                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      6433459                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6433459                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        15953                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        15953                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        14797                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        14797                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     14186277                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14186277                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     14186277                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14186277                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.021762                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021762                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000582                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000582                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.012157                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012157                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.012157                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012157                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 128695.322666                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 128695.322666                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 126732.226048                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 126732.226048                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 128652.670903                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 128652.670903                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 128652.670903                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 128652.670903                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets        76840                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets        76840                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        16962                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total           16962                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       119586                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       119586                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         3598                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         3598                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       123184                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       123184                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       123184                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       123184                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        49127                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        49127                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          149                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          149                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        49276                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        49276                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        49276                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        49276                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   5105535553                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5105535553                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     11146039                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11146039                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   5116681592                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5116681592                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   5116681592                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5116681592                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.006337                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006337                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003473                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003473                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003473                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003473                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 103925.245853                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103925.245853                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 74805.630872                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74805.630872                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 103837.194415                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103837.194415                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 103837.194415                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103837.194415                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              519.506292                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs              982451253                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  522                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1882090.522989                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    38.437356                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst   481.068936                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.061598                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.770944                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.832542                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     10771912                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10771912                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     10771912                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total       10771912                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     10771912                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total      10771912                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      8121971                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8121971                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      8121971                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8121971                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      8121971                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8121971                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     10771961                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10771961                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     10771961                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total     10771961                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     10771961                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total     10771961                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 165754.510204                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 165754.510204                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 165754.510204                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 165754.510204                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 165754.510204                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 165754.510204                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6764761                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6764761                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6764761                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6764761                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6764761                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6764761                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 169119.025000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169119.025000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 169119.025000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169119.025000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 169119.025000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169119.025000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                49228                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              166463372                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                49484                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs              3363.983752                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   234.018319                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    21.981681                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.914134                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.085866                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      7604119                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7604119                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      6432536                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6432536                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        16020                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        16020                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        14803                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        14803                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data     14036655                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total       14036655                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data     14036655                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total      14036655                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data       169170                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       169170                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         3718                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3718                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data       172888                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total       172888                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data       172888                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total       172888                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  21814921011                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  21814921011                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    465138574                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    465138574                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  22280059585                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  22280059585                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  22280059585                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  22280059585                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      7773289                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7773289                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      6436254                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6436254                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        16020                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        16020                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        14803                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        14803                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     14209543                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14209543                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     14209543                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14209543                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.021763                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021763                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000578                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000578                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.012167                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012167                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.012167                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012167                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 128952.657156                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 128952.657156                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 125104.511565                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 125104.511565                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 128869.901815                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 128869.901815                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 128869.901815                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 128869.901815                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        17003                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total           17003                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       120090                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       120090                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         3570                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         3570                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       123660                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       123660                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       123660                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       123660                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        49080                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        49080                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          148                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          148                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        49228                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        49228                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        49228                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        49228                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   5100537695                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5100537695                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     10901355                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10901355                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   5111439050                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5111439050                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   5111439050                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5111439050                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.006314                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006314                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003464                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003464                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003464                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003464                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 103922.935921                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103922.935921                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 73657.804054                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73657.804054                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 103831.946250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103831.946250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 103831.946250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103831.946250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              560.451693                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs              898740959                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  564                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1593512.338652                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    35.293716                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst   525.157977                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.056560                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.841599                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.898160                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     10925112                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10925112                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     10925112                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total       10925112                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     10925112                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total      10925112                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6894139                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6894139                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6894139                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6894139                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6894139                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6894139                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     10925157                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10925157                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     10925157                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total     10925157                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     10925157                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total     10925157                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 153203.088889                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 153203.088889                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 153203.088889                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 153203.088889                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 153203.088889                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 153203.088889                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5835182                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5835182                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5835182                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5835182                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5835182                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5835182                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 157707.621622                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 157707.621622                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 157707.621622                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 157707.621622                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 157707.621622                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 157707.621622                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                49228                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              216588873                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                49484                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs              4376.947559                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   200.135467                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    55.864533                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.781779                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.218221                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data     16075381                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      16075381                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      3087798                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3087798                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         7298                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7298                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         7246                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7246                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data     19163179                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total       19163179                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data     19163179                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total      19163179                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data       171799                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       171799                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          302                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          302                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data       172101                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total       172101                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data       172101                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total       172101                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  19429082282                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  19429082282                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     26546064                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     26546064                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  19455628346                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  19455628346                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  19455628346                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  19455628346                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     16247180                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     16247180                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      3088100                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3088100                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         7298                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7298                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         7246                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7246                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     19335280                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total     19335280                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     19335280                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total     19335280                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.010574                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010574                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000098                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000098                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008901                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008901                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008901                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008901                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 113091.940477                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 113091.940477                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 87900.874172                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87900.874172                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 113047.735609                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 113047.735609                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 113047.735609                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 113047.735609                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         5836                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total            5836                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       122634                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       122634                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data          239                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          239                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       122873                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       122873                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       122873                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       122873                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        49165                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        49165                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           63                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           63                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        49228                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        49228                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        49228                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        49228                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   5111477158                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5111477158                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      4270285                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4270285                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   5115747443                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5115747443                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   5115747443                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5115747443                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.003026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002546                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002546                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002546                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002546                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 103965.771545                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103965.771545                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 67782.301587                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67782.301587                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 103919.465406                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103919.465406                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 103919.465406                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103919.465406                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              516.189400                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs              981385922                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1898231.957447                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    41.189400                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.066009                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.827227                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     10935560                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10935560                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     10935560                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total       10935560                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     10935560                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total      10935560                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      9245416                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9245416                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      9245416                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9245416                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      9245416                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9245416                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     10935607                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10935607                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     10935607                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total     10935607                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     10935607                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total     10935607                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 196710.978723                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 196710.978723                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 196710.978723                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 196710.978723                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 196710.978723                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 196710.978723                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      8225084                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8225084                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      8225084                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      8225084                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      8225084                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      8225084                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 195835.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 195835.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 195835.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 195835.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 195835.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 195835.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                36485                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              160519321                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                36741                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs              4368.942625                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   233.741718                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    22.258282                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.913054                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.086946                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      7534571                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7534571                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      6341845                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6341845                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        16317                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        16317                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        15271                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15271                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data     13876416                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total       13876416                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data     13876416                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total      13876416                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data       116741                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       116741                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          804                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          804                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data       117545                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total       117545                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data       117545                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total       117545                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  14333339386                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  14333339386                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     69224055                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     69224055                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  14402563441                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  14402563441                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  14402563441                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  14402563441                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      7651312                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7651312                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      6342649                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6342649                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        16317                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        16317                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        15271                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15271                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     13993961                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total     13993961                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     13993961                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total     13993961                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.015258                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015258                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000127                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008400                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008400                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008400                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008400                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 122778.966995                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 122778.966995                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 86099.570896                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86099.570896                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 122528.082360                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 122528.082360                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 122528.082360                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 122528.082360                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7599                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total            7599                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        80393                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        80393                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          667                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          667                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        81060                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        81060                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        81060                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        81060                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        36348                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36348                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          137                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          137                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        36485                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        36485                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        36485                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        36485                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3746734576                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3746734576                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      9175532                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9175532                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3755910108                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3755910108                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3755910108                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3755910108                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.004751                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004751                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002607                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002607                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002607                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002607                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 103079.525036                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103079.525036                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 66974.686131                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66974.686131                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 102943.952528                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102943.952528                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 102943.952528                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102943.952528                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              492.409676                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs              984603150                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  493                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1997166.632860                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    37.409676                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.059951                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.789118                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     11019589                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11019589                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     11019589                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total       11019589                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     11019589                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total      11019589                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      7808858                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7808858                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      7808858                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7808858                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      7808858                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7808858                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     11019636                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11019636                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     11019636                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total     11019636                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     11019636                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total     11019636                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 166145.914894                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 166145.914894                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 166145.914894                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 166145.914894                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 166145.914894                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 166145.914894                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6385342                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6385342                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6385342                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6385342                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6385342                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6385342                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 168035.315789                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168035.315789                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 168035.315789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168035.315789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 168035.315789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168035.315789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                32739                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              158096943                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                32995                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs              4791.542446                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   233.267686                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    22.732314                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.911202                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.088798                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      8790168                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8790168                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      6529829                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6529829                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        17067                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17067                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        15885                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15885                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data     15319997                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total       15319997                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data     15319997                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total      15319997                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        84009                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        84009                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1902                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1902                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        85911                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total        85911                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        85911                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total        85911                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   9053640943                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   9053640943                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    126223117                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    126223117                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   9179864060                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   9179864060                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   9179864060                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   9179864060                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      8874177                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8874177                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      6531731                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6531731                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        17067                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17067                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        15885                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15885                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     15405908                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15405908                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     15405908                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15405908                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.009467                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009467                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000291                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000291                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.005576                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005576                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.005576                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005576                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 107769.893023                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107769.893023                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 66363.363302                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66363.363302                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 106853.185972                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 106853.185972                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 106853.185972                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 106853.185972                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       199850                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             9                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 22205.555556                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6961                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total            6961                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        51459                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        51459                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1713                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1713                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        53172                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        53172                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        53172                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        53172                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        32550                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        32550                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          189                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          189                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        32739                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        32739                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        32739                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        32739                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3225862280                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3225862280                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     14263869                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14263869                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3240126149                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3240126149                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3240126149                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3240126149                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.003668                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003668                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002125                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002125                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002125                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002125                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 99104.831951                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99104.831951                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 75470.206349                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75470.206349                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 98968.390879                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98968.390879                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 98968.390879                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98968.390879                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              582.114301                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs             1010668301                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  586                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1724689.933447                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    41.084464                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst   541.029837                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.065840                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.867035                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.932875                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     10660411                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10660411                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     10660411                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total       10660411                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     10660411                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total      10660411                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           59                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           59                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           59                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           59                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           59                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           59                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      9393648                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9393648                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      9393648                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9393648                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      9393648                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9393648                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     10660470                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10660470                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     10660470                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total     10660470                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     10660470                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total     10660470                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 159214.372881                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 159214.372881                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 159214.372881                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 159214.372881                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 159214.372881                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 159214.372881                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      7169833                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7169833                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      7169833                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7169833                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      7169833                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7169833                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 166740.302326                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166740.302326                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 166740.302326                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166740.302326                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 166740.302326                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166740.302326                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                72036                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              432039645                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                72292                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs              5976.313354                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   111.877618                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data   144.122382                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.437022                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.562978                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data     27951055                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      27951055                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data     15304422                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     15304422                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         7476                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7476                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         7466                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7466                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data     43255477                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total       43255477                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data     43255477                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total      43255477                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data       254459                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       254459                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          229                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          229                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data       254688                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total       254688                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data       254688                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total       254688                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  30388752003                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  30388752003                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     21290532                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     21290532                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  30410042535                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  30410042535                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  30410042535                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  30410042535                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     28205514                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     28205514                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     15304651                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     15304651                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         7476                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7476                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         7466                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7466                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     43510165                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total     43510165                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     43510165                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total     43510165                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.009022                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009022                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.005854                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005854                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.005854                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005854                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 119424.944698                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 119424.944698                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 92971.755459                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92971.755459                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 119401.159595                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 119401.159595                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 119401.159595                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 119401.159595                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        15295                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total           15295                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       182492                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       182492                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data          160                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          160                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       182652                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       182652                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       182652                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       182652                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        71967                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        71967                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        72036                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        72036                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        72036                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        72036                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   7871089304                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7871089304                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      5432637                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5432637                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   7876521941                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7876521941                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   7876521941                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7876521941                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002552                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002552                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.001656                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001656                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.001656                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001656                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 109370.813067                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109370.813067                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 78733.869565                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78733.869565                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 109341.467336                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109341.467336                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 109341.467336                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109341.467336                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              516.915926                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs              981394102                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1894583.208494                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    41.915926                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.067173                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.828391                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     10943740                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10943740                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     10943740                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total       10943740                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     10943740                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total      10943740                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      9960108                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9960108                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      9960108                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9960108                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      9960108                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9960108                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     10943789                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10943789                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     10943789                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total     10943789                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     10943789                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total     10943789                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 203267.510204                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 203267.510204                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 203267.510204                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 203267.510204                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 203267.510204                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 203267.510204                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      8758092                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8758092                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      8758092                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      8758092                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      8758092                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      8758092                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 203676.558140                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 203676.558140                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 203676.558140                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 203676.558140                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 203676.558140                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 203676.558140                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                36501                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              160531079                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                36757                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs              4367.360748                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   233.743616                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    22.256384                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.913061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.086939                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      7541342                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7541342                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      6346801                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6346801                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        16336                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        16336                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        15283                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15283                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data     13888143                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total       13888143                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data     13888143                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total      13888143                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data       116843                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       116843                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          837                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          837                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data       117680                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total       117680                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data       117680                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total       117680                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  14151005548                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  14151005548                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     72664961                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     72664961                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  14223670509                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  14223670509                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  14223670509                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  14223670509                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      7658185                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7658185                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      6347638                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6347638                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        16336                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        16336                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        15283                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15283                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     14005823                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14005823                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     14005823                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14005823                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.015257                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015257                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000132                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000132                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008402                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008402                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008402                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008402                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 121111.282216                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121111.282216                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 86815.962963                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86815.962963                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 120867.356467                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 120867.356467                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 120867.356467                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 120867.356467                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7665                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total            7665                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        80483                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        80483                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          696                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          696                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        81179                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        81179                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        81179                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        81179                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        36360                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36360                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          141                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          141                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        36501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        36501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        36501                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        36501                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3678584121                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3678584121                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      9472916                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9472916                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3688057037                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3688057037                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3688057037                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3688057037                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.004748                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004748                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002606                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002606                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002606                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002606                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 101171.180446                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101171.180446                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 67183.801418                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67183.801418                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 101039.890332                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101039.890332                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 101039.890332                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101039.890332                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              559.204496                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs              898742706                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  563                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1596345.836590                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    33.960173                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst   525.244323                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.054423                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.841738                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.896161                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     10926859                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10926859                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     10926859                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total       10926859                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     10926859                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total      10926859                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6655547                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6655547                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6655547                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6655547                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6655547                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6655547                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     10926901                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10926901                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     10926901                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total     10926901                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     10926901                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total     10926901                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 158465.404762                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 158465.404762                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 158465.404762                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 158465.404762                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 158465.404762                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 158465.404762                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5876210                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5876210                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5876210                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5876210                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5876210                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5876210                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 163228.055556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163228.055556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 163228.055556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163228.055556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 163228.055556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163228.055556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                49211                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              216595322                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                49467                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs              4378.582125                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   200.180592                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    55.819408                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.781955                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.218045                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data     16080193                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      16080193                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      3089441                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3089441                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         7290                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7290                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         7248                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7248                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data     19169634                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total       19169634                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data     19169634                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total      19169634                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data       171940                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       171940                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          298                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          298                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data       172238                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total       172238                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data       172238                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total       172238                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  19323950403                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  19323950403                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     28976061                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     28976061                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  19352926464                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  19352926464                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  19352926464                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  19352926464                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     16252133                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     16252133                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      3089739                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3089739                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         7290                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7290                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         7248                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7248                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     19341872                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total     19341872                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     19341872                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total     19341872                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.010580                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010580                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000096                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000096                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008905                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008905                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008905                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008905                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 112387.753885                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 112387.753885                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 97235.104027                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 97235.104027                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 112361.537315                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 112361.537315                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 112361.537315                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 112361.537315                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         5592                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total            5592                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       122791                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       122791                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data          236                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          236                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       123027                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       123027                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       123027                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       123027                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        49149                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        49149                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data           62                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           62                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        49211                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        49211                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        49211                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        49211                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   5085128433                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5085128433                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      4500435                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4500435                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   5089628868                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5089628868                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   5089628868                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5089628868                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.003024                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003024                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002544                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002544                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002544                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002544                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 103463.517732                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103463.517732                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 72587.661290                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72587.661290                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 103424.617829                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103424.617829                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 103424.617829                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103424.617829                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              559.348058                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs              898736465                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  562                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1599175.204626                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    33.315016                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst   526.033042                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.053389                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.843002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.896391                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     10920618                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10920618                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     10920618                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total       10920618                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     10920618                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total      10920618                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6388281                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6388281                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6388281                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6388281                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6388281                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6388281                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     10920660                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10920660                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     10920660                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total     10920660                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     10920660                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total     10920660                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 152101.928571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 152101.928571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 152101.928571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 152101.928571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 152101.928571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 152101.928571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5548228                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5548228                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5548228                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5548228                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5548228                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5548228                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 158520.800000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158520.800000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 158520.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158520.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 158520.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158520.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                49234                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              216583451                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                49490                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs              4376.307355                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   200.134686                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    55.865314                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.781776                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.218224                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data     16069962                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      16069962                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      3087794                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3087794                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         7300                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7300                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         7245                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7245                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data     19157756                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total       19157756                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data     19157756                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total      19157756                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data       172177                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       172177                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          306                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          306                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data       172483                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total       172483                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data       172483                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total       172483                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  19535159891                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  19535159891                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     27029985                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     27029985                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  19562189876                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  19562189876                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  19562189876                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  19562189876                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     16242139                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     16242139                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      3088100                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3088100                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         7300                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7300                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         7245                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7245                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     19330239                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total     19330239                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     19330239                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total     19330239                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.010601                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010601                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000099                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000099                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008923                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008923                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008923                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008923                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 113459.752993                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 113459.752993                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 88333.284314                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88333.284314                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 113415.176429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 113415.176429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 113415.176429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 113415.176429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         5732                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total            5732                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       123006                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       123006                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          243                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          243                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       123249                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       123249                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       123249                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       123249                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        49171                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        49171                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data           63                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           63                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        49234                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        49234                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        49234                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        49234                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   5144131575                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5144131575                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      4262711                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4262711                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   5148394286                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5148394286                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   5148394286                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5148394286                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.003027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002547                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002547                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002547                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002547                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 104617.184418                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104617.184418                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 67662.079365                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67662.079365                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 104569.896535                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104569.896535                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 104569.896535                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104569.896535                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              529.755959                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs              987002662                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  532                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1855268.161654                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    40.679093                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst   489.076866                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.065191                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.783777                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.848968                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     10899147                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10899147                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     10899147                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total       10899147                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     10899147                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total      10899147                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      8115471                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8115471                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      8115471                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8115471                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      8115471                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8115471                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     10899201                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10899201                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     10899201                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total     10899201                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     10899201                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total     10899201                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 150286.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 150286.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 150286.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 150286.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 150286.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 150286.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6615722                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6615722                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6615722                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6615722                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6615722                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6615722                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 157517.190476                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 157517.190476                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 157517.190476                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 157517.190476                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 157517.190476                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 157517.190476                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                64155                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              175158657                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                64411                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs              2719.390430                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   234.295572                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    21.704428                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.915217                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.084783                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      7555414                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7555414                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      6259380                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6259380                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        17635                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17635                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        14603                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        14603                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data     13814794                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total       13814794                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data     13814794                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total      13814794                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data       163230                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       163230                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          716                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          716                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data       163946                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total       163946                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data       163946                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total       163946                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  19584409782                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  19584409782                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     61161850                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     61161850                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  19645571632                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  19645571632                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  19645571632                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  19645571632                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      7718644                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7718644                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      6260096                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6260096                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        17635                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17635                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        14603                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        14603                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     13978740                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total     13978740                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     13978740                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total     13978740                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.021147                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021147                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000114                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000114                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.011728                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011728                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.011728                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011728                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 119980.455688                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 119980.455688                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 85421.578212                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85421.578212                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 119829.526991                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 119829.526991                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 119829.526991                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 119829.526991                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8475                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total            8475                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        99194                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        99194                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          597                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          597                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        99791                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        99791                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        99791                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        99791                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        64036                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        64036                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          119                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          119                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        64155                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        64155                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        64155                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        64155                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   6894396454                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6894396454                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      7893475                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7893475                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   6902289929                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6902289929                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   6902289929                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6902289929                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008296                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008296                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.004589                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004589                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.004589                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004589                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 107664.383378                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107664.383378                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 66331.722689                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66331.722689                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 107587.716141                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107587.716141                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 107587.716141                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107587.716141                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              499.052568                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs              984603449                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  500                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1969206.898000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    44.052568                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.070597                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.799764                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     11019888                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11019888                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     11019888                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total       11019888                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     11019888                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total      11019888                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      9461473                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9461473                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      9461473                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9461473                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      9461473                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9461473                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     11019944                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11019944                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     11019944                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total     11019944                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     11019944                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total     11019944                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 168954.875000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 168954.875000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 168954.875000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 168954.875000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 168954.875000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 168954.875000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           45                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           45                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      7833763                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7833763                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      7833763                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7833763                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      7833763                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7833763                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 174083.622222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 174083.622222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 174083.622222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 174083.622222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 174083.622222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 174083.622222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                32706                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              158095377                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                32962                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs              4796.292003                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   233.277582                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    22.722418                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.911241                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.088759                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      8789553                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8789553                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      6529079                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6529079                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        16868                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        16868                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        15883                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15883                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data     15318632                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total       15318632                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data     15318632                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total      15318632                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        83925                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        83925                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1922                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1922                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        85847                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total        85847                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        85847                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total        85847                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   9029419049                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   9029419049                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    129257828                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    129257828                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   9158676877                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   9158676877                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   9158676877                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   9158676877                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      8873478                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8873478                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      6531001                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6531001                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        16868                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        16868                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        15883                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15883                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     15404479                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15404479                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     15404479                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15404479                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.009458                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009458                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000294                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000294                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.005573                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005573                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.005573                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005573                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 107589.145654                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107589.145654                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 67251.731530                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67251.731530                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 106686.044672                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 106686.044672                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 106686.044672                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 106686.044672                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       180623                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             6                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 30103.833333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7063                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total            7063                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        51408                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        51408                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1733                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1733                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        53141                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        53141                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        53141                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        53141                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        32517                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        32517                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          189                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          189                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        32706                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        32706                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        32706                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        32706                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   3220937988                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3220937988                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     14482891                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14482891                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   3235420879                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3235420879                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   3235420879                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3235420879                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.003665                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003665                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002123                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002123                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002123                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002123                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 99053.971400                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99053.971400                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 76629.052910                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76629.052910                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 98924.383263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98924.383263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 98924.383263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98924.383263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              560.618953                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs              898738487                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  564                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1593507.955674                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    35.460990                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst   525.157963                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.056829                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.841599                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.898428                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     10922640                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10922640                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     10922640                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total       10922640                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     10922640                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total      10922640                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6962835                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6962835                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6962835                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6962835                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6962835                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6962835                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     10922686                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10922686                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     10922686                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total     10922686                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     10922686                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total     10922686                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 151365.978261                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 151365.978261                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 151365.978261                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 151365.978261                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 151365.978261                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 151365.978261                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5877595                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5877595                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5877595                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5877595                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5877595                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5877595                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 158853.918919                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158853.918919                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 158853.918919                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158853.918919                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 158853.918919                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158853.918919                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                49249                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              216594638                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                49505                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs              4375.207312                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   200.150086                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    55.849914                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.781836                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.218164                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data     16081146                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      16081146                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      3087806                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3087806                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         7292                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7292                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         7244                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7244                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data     19168952                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total       19168952                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data     19168952                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total      19168952                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data       172122                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       172122                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          306                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          306                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data       172428                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total       172428                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data       172428                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total       172428                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  19524468682                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  19524468682                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     27255388                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     27255388                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  19551724070                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  19551724070                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  19551724070                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  19551724070                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     16253268                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     16253268                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      3088112                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3088112                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         7292                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7292                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         7244                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7244                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     19341380                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total     19341380                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     19341380                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total     19341380                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.010590                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010590                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000099                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000099                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008915                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008915                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008915                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008915                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 113433.893878                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 113433.893878                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 89069.895425                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89069.895425                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 113390.656216                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 113390.656216                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 113390.656216                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 113390.656216                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         5784                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total            5784                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       122936                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       122936                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          243                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          243                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       123179                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       123179                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       123179                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       123179                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        49186                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        49186                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data           63                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           63                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        49249                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        49249                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        49249                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        49249                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   5129820490                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5129820490                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      4367693                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4367693                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   5134188183                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5134188183                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   5134188183                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5134188183                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.003026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002546                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002546                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002546                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002546                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 104294.321352                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104294.321352                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 69328.460317                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69328.460317                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 104249.592540                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104249.592540                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 104249.592540                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104249.592540                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
