
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.010172                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 10172150799                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               536359135563                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 308074                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   391470                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                 195420                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67609176                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 52052.72                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 16036071230                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   20377096398                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data       136064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data       170624                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data       240896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data       169216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data       376832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data       362112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data       357632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data       139392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data       238336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data       358400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data       144640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data       172544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data       383744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         3840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data       241408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data       220800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data       166528                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total              3951872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         3840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           72704                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      1129472                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           1129472                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data         1063                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data         1333                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data         1882                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data         1322                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           33                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data         2944                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data         2829                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data         2794                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data         1089                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data         1862                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data         2800                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data         1130                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data         1348                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           33                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data         2998                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           30                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data         1886                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           33                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data         1725                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data         1301                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 30874                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            8824                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 8824                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst       465585                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     13376129                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst       503335                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     16773640                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst       339751                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     23681914                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst       478168                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     16635223                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst       415251                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     37045459                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst       440418                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     35598371                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst       453002                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     35157953                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst       490752                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     13703297                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst       427835                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     23430246                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst       465585                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     35233453                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst       465585                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     14219215                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst       490752                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     16962391                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst       415251                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     37724962                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst       377501                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     23732247                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst       415251                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     21706324                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst       503335                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     16370972                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               388499156                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst       465585                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst       503335                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst       339751                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst       478168                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst       415251                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst       440418                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst       453002                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst       490752                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst       427835                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst       465585                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst       465585                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst       490752                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst       415251                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst       377501                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst       415251                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst       503335                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            7147358                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         111035711                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              111035711                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         111035711                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst       465585                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     13376129                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst       503335                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     16773640                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst       339751                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     23681914                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst       478168                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     16635223                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst       415251                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     37045459                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst       440418                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     35598371                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst       453002                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     35157953                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst       490752                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     13703297                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst       427835                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     23430246                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst       465585                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     35233453                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst       465585                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     14219215                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst       490752                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     16962391                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst       415251                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     37724962                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst       377501                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     23732247                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst       415251                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     21706324                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst       503335                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     16370972                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              499534867                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles               24393648                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups        2211588                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1841442                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       202582                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       846536                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits         807959                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS         237524                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9433                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19234538                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts             12129933                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches           2211588                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches      1045483                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles             2527499                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles        565862                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles       632339                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines         1196002                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes       193636                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples     22755803                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.655220                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.030853                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0       20228304     88.89%     88.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1         154642      0.68%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2         195263      0.86%     90.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3         309762      1.36%     91.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4         130151      0.57%     92.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5         168374      0.74%     93.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6         195695      0.86%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7          89926      0.40%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8        1283686      5.64%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total     22755803                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.090662                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.497258                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles       19121087                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles       756901                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles         2515445                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles         1231                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles       361137                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved       336305                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          290                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts     14827907                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         1658                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles       361137                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles       19140877                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles         62542                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles       639953                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles         2496869                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles        54421                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts     14736651                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents           29                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents         7731                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents        37964                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands     20579151                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups     68527287                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups     68527287                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps     17188036                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps        3391101                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts         3585                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1879                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts          192438                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads      1382478                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores       721267                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8032                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores       163656                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded         14385730                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3601                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued        13791002                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        13791                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1766697                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3609405                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          156                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22755803                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.606043                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.327022                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     16912727     74.32%     74.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2665080     11.71%     86.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1088778      4.78%     90.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       611381      2.69%     93.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       826797      3.63%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       255047      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       250836      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       134472      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        10685      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22755803                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         94583     78.85%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13026     10.86%     89.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12340     10.29%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11617292     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       188464      1.37%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1705      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1264792      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       718749      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total     13791002                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.565352                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt            119949                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008698                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50471547                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16156116                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13429413                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses     13910951                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        10071                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       265136                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            4                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           89                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11046                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles       361137                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles         47632                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6112                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14389338                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        11029                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1382478                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       721267                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1880                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents         5359                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            8                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           89                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       119310                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       114647                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts       233957                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13548964                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1243361                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       242038                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs            1961998                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches        1915408                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores           718637                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.555430                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent             13429510                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count            13429413                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers         8047055                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers        21617562                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.550529                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.372246                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10000003                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps     12322356                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2067050                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3445                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts       204088                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22394666                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550236                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.370347                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17177529     76.70%     76.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2644868     11.81%     88.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       960135      4.29%     92.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       477838      2.13%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       437242      1.95%     96.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       183688      0.82%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       182056      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        86520      0.39%     98.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       244790      1.09%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22394666                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts     10000003                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps     12322356                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs              1827560                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads             1117339                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars              1718                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches          1785946                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts        11094269                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls       254460                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events       244790                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads           36539204                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes          29139973                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                294005                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles               1637845                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts          10000003                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps            12322356                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total     10000003                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.439364                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.439364                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.409943                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.409943                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads       60962682                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes      18764903                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads      13711408                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes         3442                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles               24393648                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups        2014349                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1648282                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       198446                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       824026                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits         790971                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS         207693                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9004                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19392159                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts             11264757                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches           2014349                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches       998664                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles             2349917                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles        543401                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles       437579                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines         1187837                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes       198514                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples     22522040                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614278                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.957276                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0       20172123     89.57%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1         108897      0.48%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2         173673      0.77%     90.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3         235095      1.04%     91.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4         242298      1.08%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5         204633      0.91%     93.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6         115514      0.51%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7         170627      0.76%     95.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8        1099180      4.88%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total     22522040                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.082577                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.461791                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles       19196567                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles       635112                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles         2345541                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles         2700                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles       342119                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved       331290                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          267                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts     13821965                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         1561                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles       342119                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles       19249082                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles        129862                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles       385250                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles         2296410                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles       119314                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts     13816546                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents           27                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents        15837                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents        52231                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands     19276701                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups     64273349                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups     64273349                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps     16683828                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps        2592863                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts         3405                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1764                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts          360698                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads      1294611                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores       700114                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8067                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores       223735                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded         13799847                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3417                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued        13096753                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1940                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1542957                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3699648                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          105                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22522040                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581508                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269590                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     16937875     75.21%     75.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2330559     10.35%     85.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1170126      5.20%     90.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       853229      3.79%     94.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       676782      3.00%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       276318      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       174514      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        90643      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        11994      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22522040                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2734     12.57%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8036     36.93%     49.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        10988     50.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11015156     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       195232      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1640      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1187038      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       697687      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total     13096753                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.536892                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt             21758                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001661                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     48739244                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15346282                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12897312                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses     13118511                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        26565                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       210448                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           62                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10399                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles       342119                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles        103229                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11636                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13803294                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          659                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1294611                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       700114                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1763                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9864                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           62                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       115081                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       111783                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts       226864                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12913732                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1116258                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       183021                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                  30                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs            1813886                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches        1834431                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores           697628                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.529389                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent             12897436                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count            12897312                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers         7403130                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers        19957079                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.528716                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.370953                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9726053                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps     11968253                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1835051                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3312                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts       200709                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22179921                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.539599                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.381691                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17232534     77.69%     77.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2471010     11.14%     88.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       916388      4.13%     92.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       437289      1.97%     94.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       390986      1.76%     96.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       212749      0.96%     97.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       171385      0.77%     98.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        84039      0.38%     98.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       263541      1.19%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22179921                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts      9726053                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps     11968253                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs              1773871                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads             1084158                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars              1652                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches          1725954                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts        10783227                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls       246518                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events       263541                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads           35719606                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes          27948755                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                295769                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles               1871608                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts           9726053                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps            11968253                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total      9726053                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.508073                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.508073                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.398713                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.398713                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads       58119666                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes      17964284                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads      12811825                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes         3308                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles               24393648                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups        1847434                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1653318                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       148513                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1234313                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1217925                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS         107746                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4394                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19597079                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts             10507418                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches           1847434                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches      1325671                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles             2340934                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles        491112                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles       285116                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines         1186887                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes       145445                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples     22564929                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.520191                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.759678                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0       20223995     89.63%     89.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1         360793      1.60%     91.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2         176504      0.78%     92.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3         356790      1.58%     93.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4         110245      0.49%     94.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5         331628      1.47%     95.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6          50903      0.23%     95.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7          83202      0.37%     96.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8         870869      3.86%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total     22564929                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.075734                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.430744                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles       19362897                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles       524089                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles         2336240                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles         1795                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles       339904                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved       170468                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred         1896                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts     11716788                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         4544                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles       339904                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles       19389548                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles        317698                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles       126264                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles         2311266                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles        80245                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts     11698943                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents           12                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents         8915                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents        64372                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands     15291075                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups     52966179                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups     52966179                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps     12342008                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps        2949067                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts         1531                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts          779                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts          173229                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads      2145385                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores       334340                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2184                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores        75856                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded         11637367                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1536                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued        10877258                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7236                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2144837                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4416868                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           17                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22564929                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.482043                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.093409                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17794867     78.86%     78.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1488272      6.60%     85.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1612349      7.15%     92.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       931428      4.13%     96.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       473471      2.10%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       120103      0.53%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       138274      0.61%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3359      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2806      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22564929                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         17933     57.37%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7339     23.48%     80.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         5988     19.16%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8506888     78.21%     78.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        82867      0.76%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          753      0.01%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1955818     17.98%     96.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       330932      3.04%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total     10877258                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.445905                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt             31260                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002874                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     44357941                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     13783768                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     10597826                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses     10908518                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         8537                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       444426                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           14                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           31                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9449                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles       339904                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles        213847                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles         9820                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     11638912                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          487                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2145385                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       334340                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          777                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents         3952                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          209                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           31                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        99578                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        57604                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts       157182                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts     10741215                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1928348                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       136043                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                   9                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs            2259248                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches        1635121                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores           330900                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.440328                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent             10600665                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count            10597826                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers         6419158                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers        13850791                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.434450                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.463451                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8445131                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps      9477869                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2161511                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1519                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts       147393                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22225025                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.426450                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.298070                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18712009     84.19%     84.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1368593      6.16%     90.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       890854      4.01%     94.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       278399      1.25%     95.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       468827      2.11%     97.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        89606      0.40%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        56739      0.26%     98.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        51385      0.23%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       308613      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22225025                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts      8445131                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps      9477869                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs              2025850                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads             1700959                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars               758                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches          1457050                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts         8273750                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls       115661                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events       308613                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads           33555766                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes          23618945                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                441613                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles               1828719                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts           8445131                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps             9477869                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total      8445131                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.888487                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.888487                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.346202                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.346202                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads       49978392                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes      13775727                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads      12496128                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes         1518                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles               24393648                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups        2014037                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1647532                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       198192                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       825918                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits         790936                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS         207986                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9004                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19395065                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts             11263833                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches           2014037                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches       998922                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles             2349315                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles        541893                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles       439595                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines         1187862                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes       198298                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples     22525097                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614149                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.957059                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0       20175782     89.57%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1         108593      0.48%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2         173131      0.77%     90.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3         235354      1.04%     91.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4         241755      1.07%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5         204937      0.91%     93.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6         115748      0.51%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7         171725      0.76%     95.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8        1098072      4.87%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total     22525097                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.082564                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.461753                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles       19200181                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles       636437                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles         2344899                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles         2720                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles       340859                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved       331695                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          263                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts     13820958                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         1555                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles       340859                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles       19252258                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles        129336                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles       387716                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles         2296243                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles       118682                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts     13815716                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents           25                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents        15853                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents        51889                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands     19277947                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups     64271175                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups     64271175                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps     16693241                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps        2584691                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts         3364                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1723                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts          358460                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads      1293329                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores       700828                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8164                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores       223986                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded         13798636                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3377                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued        13099989                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1959                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1533990                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3678698                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           65                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22525097                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581573                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269487                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     16938679     75.20%     75.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2331781     10.35%     85.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1170136      5.19%     90.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       855032      3.80%     94.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       676049      3.00%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       276469      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       174302      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        90705      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        11944      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22525097                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2721     12.50%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8051     36.98%     49.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        10999     50.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11016798     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       195506      1.49%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1641      0.01%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1187551      9.07%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       698493      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total     13099989                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.537025                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt             21771                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001662                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     48748805                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15336068                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12901593                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses     13121760                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        26326                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       208526                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           68                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10701                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles       340859                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles        102778                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11623                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13802043                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           38                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1293329                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       700828                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1723                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9859                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           68                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       115253                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       111591                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts       226844                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12917482                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1116528                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       182507                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                  30                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs            1814957                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches        1835352                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores           698429                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.529543                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent             12901713                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count            12901593                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers         7404631                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers        19956163                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.528891                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.371045                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9731522                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps     11975085                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1826968                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3312                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts       200463                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22184238                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.539802                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.381843                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17233815     77.68%     77.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2472428     11.14%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       917048      4.13%     92.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       437727      1.97%     94.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       391176      1.76%     96.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       212895      0.96%     97.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       171377      0.77%     98.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        84237      0.38%     98.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       263535      1.19%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22184238                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts      9731522                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps     11975085                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs              1774930                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads             1084803                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars              1652                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches          1726964                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts        10789374                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls       246667                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events       263535                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads           35722678                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes          27944989                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                295363                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles               1868551                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts           9731522                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps            11975085                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total      9731522                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.506663                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.506663                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.398937                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.398937                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads       58136747                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes      17970357                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads      12812357                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes         3308                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles               24393648                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups        1902690                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1716303                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       101404                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       729425                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits         677938                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS         104693                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4469                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20165414                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts             11974702                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches           1902690                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches       782631                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles             2366600                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles        318357                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles       446589                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines         1158985                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes       101764                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples     23193074                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.605778                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.934608                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0       20826474     89.80%     89.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1          83967      0.36%     90.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2         172741      0.74%     90.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3          72198      0.31%     91.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4         392323      1.69%     92.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5         350232      1.51%     94.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6          67873      0.29%     94.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7         142009      0.61%     95.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8        1085257      4.68%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total     23193074                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.077999                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.490894                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles       20051968                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles       561518                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles         2357853                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles         7495                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles       214235                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved       167418                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          236                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts     14040960                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         1419                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles       214235                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles       20073127                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles        392420                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles       104255                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles         2345452                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles        63580                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts     14032529                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents           31                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents        26481                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents        23263                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.FullRegisterEvents          476                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands     16480230                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups     66091861                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups     66091861                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps     14595889                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps        1884320                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts         1635                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts          831                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts          163493                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads      3310553                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores      1673733                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads        15304                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores        81346                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded         14002952                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1639                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued        13457484                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7342                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1091606                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2620870                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           21                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23193074                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580237                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.377974                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18415571     79.40%     79.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1426606      6.15%     85.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1177005      5.07%     90.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       505949      2.18%     92.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       643929      2.78%     95.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       623721      2.69%     98.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       354847      1.53%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        27950      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        17496      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23193074                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         34027     11.07%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead       265806     86.44%     97.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         7659      2.49%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8441632     62.73%     62.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       117626      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          804      0.01%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3227657     23.98%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1669765     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total     13457484                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.551680                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt            307492                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022849                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50422875                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15096541                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13342101                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses     13764976                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        24507                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       129737                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           56                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          345                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10810                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1190                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles       214235                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles        357251                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles        17191                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14004603                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          206                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3310553                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1673733                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          831                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents        11655                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           12                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          345                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        58250                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        59997                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts       118247                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13363465                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3216497                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        94018                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                  12                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs            4886099                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches        1749956                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores          1669602                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.547826                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent             13342614                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count            13342101                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers         7205878                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers        14196431                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.546950                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.507584                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10834488                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps     12731784                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1274178                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1618                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts       103400                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22978839                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.554066                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377852                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18364868     79.92%     79.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1681346      7.32%     87.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       789710      3.44%     90.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       781714      3.40%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       212300      0.92%     95.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       909974      3.96%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        67552      0.29%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        49506      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       121869      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22978839                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts     10834488                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps     12731784                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs              4843730                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads             3180812                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars               808                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches          1680763                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts        11321877                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls       123178                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events       121869                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads           36862906                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes          28226209                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                443655                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles               1200574                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts          10834488                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps            12731784                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total     10834488                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.251481                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.251481                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.444152                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.444152                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads       66065229                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes      15496802                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads      16716886                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes         1616                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles               24393648                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups        1979287                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1618632                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       195466                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       843452                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits         780887                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS         203018                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8765                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19215219                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts             11222263                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches           1979287                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches       983905                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles             2351906                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles        565311                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles       341920                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           26                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines         1183265                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes       196776                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples     22274666                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615740                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.966906                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0       19922760     89.44%     89.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1         127847      0.57%     90.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2         201017      0.90%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3         318551      1.43%     92.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4         133834      0.60%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5         150409      0.68%     93.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6         157846      0.71%     94.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7         103805      0.47%     94.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8        1158597      5.20%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total     22274666                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.081139                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.460049                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles       19041643                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles       517289                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles         2344272                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles         6138                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles       365322                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved       324380                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          274                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts     13704348                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         1619                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles       365322                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles       19070151                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles        169269                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles       266327                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles         2322453                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles        81142                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts     13695239                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents         2078                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents        23377                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents        30644                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.FullRegisterEvents         3336                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands     19008873                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups     63700817                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups     63700817                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps     16219746                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps        2789127                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts         3486                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1917                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts          248434                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads      1307839                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores       702304                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads        21089                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores       158620                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded         13674390                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3497                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued        12941583                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        16573                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1740592                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3866684                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          334                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22274666                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581000                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.272932                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     16818272     75.50%     75.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2189434      9.83%     85.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1197503      5.38%     90.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       817406      3.67%     94.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       762773      3.42%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       220485      0.99%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       170332      0.76%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        58272      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        40189      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22274666                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3099     12.58%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead         9605     38.99%     51.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11928     48.42%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10841176     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       204215      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1568      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1196882      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       697742      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total     12941583                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.530531                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt             24632                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001903                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     48199037                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15418629                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12730842                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses     12966215                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        38157                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       237361                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           35                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          153                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        21666                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          853                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles       365322                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles        116641                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11552                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13677915                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         3701                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1307839                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       702304                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1917                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents         8508                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          153                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       113560                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       111786                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts       225346                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12755912                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1125538                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       185671                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                  28                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs            1822843                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches        1794656                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores           697305                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.522919                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent             12731094                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count            12730842                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers         7444444                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers        19444711                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.521892                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.382852                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9527235                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps     11677930                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2000012                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3163                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts       199334                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     21909344                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533011                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.386002                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17166277     78.35%     78.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2296969     10.48%     88.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       895222      4.09%     92.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       482149      2.20%     95.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       360399      1.64%     96.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       201603      0.92%     97.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       124197      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       110947      0.51%     98.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       271581      1.24%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     21909344                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts      9527235                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps     11677930                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs              1751116                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads             1070478                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars              1578                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches          1676198                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts        10522794                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls       237253                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events       271581                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads           35315640                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes          27721235                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                311932                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles               2118982                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts           9527235                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps            11677930                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total      9527235                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.560412                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.560412                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.390562                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.390562                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads       57520906                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes      17649386                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads      12780846                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes         3160                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles               24393648                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups        1980841                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1619984                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       195107                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       842616                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits         781704                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS         203169                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8705                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19218252                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts             11234167                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches           1980841                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches       984873                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles             2354888                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles        565023                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles       341397                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           26                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines         1183244                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes       196446                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples     22280230                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616207                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.967511                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0       19925342     89.43%     89.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1         127717      0.57%     90.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2         202323      0.91%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3         319587      1.43%     92.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4         133714      0.60%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5         149584      0.67%     93.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6         158339      0.71%     94.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7         103694      0.47%     94.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8        1159930      5.21%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total     22280230                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.081203                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.460537                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles       19043272                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles       518158                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles         2347350                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles         6057                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles       365391                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved       324557                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          278                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts     13718154                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         1653                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles       365391                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles       19072247                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles        166558                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles       268662                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles         2324921                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles        82449                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts     13708973                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents         2208                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents        23546                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents        31018                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.FullRegisterEvents         3720                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands     19030652                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups     63766620                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups     63766620                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps     16238364                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps        2792259                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts         3463                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1890                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts          250819                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads      1308622                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores       702881                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads        21179                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores       159778                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded         13688387                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3474                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued        12952350                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        16278                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1742195                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3879235                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          308                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22280230                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581338                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.273273                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     16819943     75.49%     75.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2190265      9.83%     85.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1198394      5.38%     90.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       818888      3.68%     94.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       763318      3.43%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       219773      0.99%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       171288      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        58120      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        40241      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22280230                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3116     12.70%     12.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead         9564     38.97%     51.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11860     48.33%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10849836     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       204514      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1570      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1197925      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       698505      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total     12952350                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.530972                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt             24540                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001895                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     48225747                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15434216                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12742866                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses     12976890                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        38881                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       236911                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           29                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          166                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        21452                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          836                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles       365391                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles        113565                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11788                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13691885                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         3737                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1308622                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       702881                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1893                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents         8798                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          166                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       113323                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       111488                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts       224811                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12767552                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1126819                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       184797                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                  24                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs            1824959                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches        1796108                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores           698140                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.523397                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent             12743105                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count            12742866                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers         7451076                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers        19462389                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.522385                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.382845                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9538197                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps     11691361                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2000539                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3166                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts       198964                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     21914839                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533491                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.386532                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17166323     78.33%     78.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2299493     10.49%     88.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       896113      4.09%     92.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       483353      2.21%     95.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       360552      1.65%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       201601      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       124482      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       110898      0.51%     98.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       272024      1.24%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     21914839                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts      9538197                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps     11691361                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs              1753137                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads             1071708                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars              1580                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches          1678131                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts        10534896                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls       237527                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events       272024                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads           35334650                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes          27749250                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                311285                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles               2113418                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts           9538197                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps            11691361                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total      9538197                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.557470                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.557470                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.391012                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.391012                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads       57576269                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes      17666140                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads      12794968                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes         3162                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles               24393648                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups        2211340                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1840911                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       202437                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       848450                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits         808678                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS         237570                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9436                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19233396                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts             12128072                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches           2211340                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches      1046248                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles             2528068                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles        564451                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles       635316                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines         1195786                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes       193472                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples     22756942                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.655119                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.030544                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0       20228874     88.89%     88.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1         154829      0.68%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2         195481      0.86%     90.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3         310285      1.36%     91.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4         130549      0.57%     92.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5         168362      0.74%     93.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6         195342      0.86%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7          89955      0.40%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8        1283265      5.64%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total     22756942                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.090652                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.497182                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles       19120454                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles       759454                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles         2515915                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles         1238                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles       359879                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved       336598                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          283                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts     14825663                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         1628                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles       359879                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles       19140391                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles         62135                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles       642812                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles         2497154                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles        54567                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts     14733337                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents           25                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents         7785                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents        37955                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands     20572845                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups     68510707                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups     68510707                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps     17195120                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps        3377717                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts         3548                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1841                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts          192899                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads      1382203                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores       721798                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8091                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores       164596                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded         14384724                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3563                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued        13793624                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        13706                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1760046                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3593407                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          118                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22756942                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.606128                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.327004                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     16911954     74.32%     74.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2665856     11.71%     86.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1090360      4.79%     90.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       611066      2.69%     93.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       826397      3.63%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       255554      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       250569      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       134410      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        10776      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22756942                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         94468     78.76%     78.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13112     10.93%     89.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12366     10.31%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11618848     84.23%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       188575      1.37%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1706      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1265196      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       719299      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total     13793624                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.565460                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt            119946                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008696                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50477842                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16148425                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13432427                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses     13913570                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        10187                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       264379                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           13                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           93                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11256                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles       359879                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles         47330                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6173                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14388291                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        11131                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1382203                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       721798                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1842                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents         5418                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            5                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           93                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       119130                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       114293                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts       233423                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13552523                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1244009                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       241101                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs            1963172                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches        1916406                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores           719163                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.555576                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent             13432533                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count            13432427                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers         8048056                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers        21618426                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.550653                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.372278                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10004161                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps     12327547                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2060786                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3445                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts       203944                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22397063                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550409                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.370624                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17177859     76.70%     76.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2645744     11.81%     88.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       960884      4.29%     92.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       478191      2.14%     94.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       437207      1.95%     96.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       183484      0.82%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       181898      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        86542      0.39%     98.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       245254      1.10%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22397063                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts     10004161                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps     12327547                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs              1828366                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads             1117824                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars              1718                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches          1786714                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts        11098947                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls       254577                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events       245254                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads           36540064                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes          29136562                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                293781                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles               1636706                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts          10004161                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps            12327547                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total     10004161                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.438350                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.438350                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.410113                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.410113                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads       60975100                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes      18768337                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads      13710069                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes         3442                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles               24393648                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups        1986341                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1629307                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       196583                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       834804                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits         776414                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS         203630                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8812                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18980944                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts             11281938                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches           1986341                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches       980044                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles             2482093                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles        556912                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles       595883                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines         1170187                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes       194875                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples     22416161                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615371                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.966180                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0       19934068     88.93%     88.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1         268606      1.20%     90.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2         311932      1.39%     91.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3         171512      0.77%     92.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4         196426      0.88%     93.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5         108931      0.49%     93.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6          74748      0.33%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7         191108      0.85%     94.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8        1158830      5.17%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total     22416161                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.081429                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.462495                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles       18825681                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles       754458                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles         2460894                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles        19947                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles       355179                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved       321751                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred         2062                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts     13768369                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts        10645                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles       355179                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles       18856380                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles        262526                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles       407242                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles         2451315                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles        83517                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts     13758957                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents           12                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents        20677                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents        39247                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands     19124869                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups     64060384                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups     64060384                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps     16326789                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps        2798079                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts         3560                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1962                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts          225730                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads      1315905                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores       715336                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads        18112                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores       156031                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded         13736138                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3565                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued        12982835                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17886                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1711066                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3959259                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          359                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22416161                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579173                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.268908                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     16944069     75.59%     75.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2203341      9.83%     85.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1182884      5.28%     90.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       817287      3.65%     94.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       713688      3.18%     97.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       365131      1.63%     99.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        89589      0.40%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        57452      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        42720      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22416161                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3344     11.92%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead        11922     42.51%     54.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12782     45.57%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10866157     83.70%     83.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       202775      1.56%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1590      0.01%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1202605      9.26%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       709708      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total     12982835                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.532222                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt             28048                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002160                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     48427765                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15450904                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12765356                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses     13010883                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        32431                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       233651                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           88                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          137                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        15056                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          796                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles       355179                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles        216134                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13673                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13739721                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         4531                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1315905                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       715336                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1965                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9738                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          137                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       114233                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       109702                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts       223935                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12789441                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1129125                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       193394                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                  18                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs            1838636                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches        1790451                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores           709511                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.524294                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent             12765709                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count            12765356                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers         7588244                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers        19863178                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.523307                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.382026                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9588752                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps     11764545                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1975412                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3206                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts       197521                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22060982                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533274                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.351807                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17253839     78.21%     78.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2229562     10.11%     88.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       934203      4.23%     92.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       560373      2.54%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       389431      1.77%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       251685      1.14%     98.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       130484      0.59%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       104835      0.48%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       206570      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22060982                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts      9588752                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps     11764545                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs              1782533                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads             1082254                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars              1600                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches          1683789                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts        10606241                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls       239406                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events       206570                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads           35594304                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes          27835110                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                292126                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles               1977487                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts           9588752                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps            11764545                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total      9588752                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.543986                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.543986                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.393084                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.393084                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads       57700450                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes      17717877                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads      12853859                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes         3202                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles               24393648                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups        1979821                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1618971                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       195477                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       842644                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits         779782                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS         203532                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8833                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19219755                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts             11229462                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches           1979821                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches       983314                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles             2352959                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles        565910                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles       337713                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           26                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines         1183456                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes       196758                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples     22276641                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616080                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.967577                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0       19923682     89.44%     89.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1         127902      0.57%     90.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2         201199      0.90%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3         318911      1.43%     92.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4         133027      0.60%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5         150033      0.67%     93.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6         158146      0.71%     94.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7         103920      0.47%     94.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8        1159821      5.21%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total     22276641                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.081161                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.460344                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles       19044864                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles       514463                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles         2345288                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles         6114                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles       365910                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved       324568                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          279                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts     13712487                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         1666                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles       365910                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles       19073700                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles        167000                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles       264716                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles         2323102                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles        82211                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts     13703294                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents         2511                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents        23593                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents        30813                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.FullRegisterEvents         3835                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands     19024800                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups     63740525                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups     63740525                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps     16229079                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps        2795677                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts         3460                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1891                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts          250189                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads      1308896                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores       702690                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads        21164                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores       159404                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded         13682546                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3472                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued        12947858                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        16714                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1742438                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3877496                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          306                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22276641                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581230                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.272973                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     16817093     75.49%     75.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2190318      9.83%     85.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1198427      5.38%     90.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       818879      3.68%     94.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       762932      3.42%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       220182      0.99%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       170442      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        58185      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        40183      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22276641                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3081     12.49%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead         9703     39.35%     51.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11876     48.16%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10845621     83.76%     83.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       204374      1.58%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1569      0.01%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1198132      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       698162      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total     12947858                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.530788                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt             24660                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001905                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     48213731                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15428609                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12736484                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses     12972518                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        38832                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       237802                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           42                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          158                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        21652                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          839                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles       365910                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles        114128                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11870                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13686042                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         3815                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1308896                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       702690                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1891                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents         8850                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          158                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       113155                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       112009                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts       225164                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12761619                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1126763                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       186239                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                  24                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs            1824549                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches        1795502                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores           697786                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.523153                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent             12736715                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count            12736484                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers         7448186                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers        19451682                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.522123                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.382907                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9532777                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps     11684632                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2001411                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3166                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts       199329                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     21910731                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533284                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.386419                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17165157     78.34%     78.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2298410     10.49%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       895698      4.09%     92.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       482171      2.20%     95.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       360343      1.64%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       201454      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       124685      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       110943      0.51%     98.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       271870      1.24%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     21910731                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts      9532777                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps     11684632                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs              1752126                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads             1071092                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars              1580                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches          1677136                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts        10528846                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls       237382                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events       271870                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads           35324839                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes          27738065                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                311750                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles               2117007                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts           9532777                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps            11684632                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total      9532777                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.558924                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.558924                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.390789                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.390789                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads       57547660                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes      17658077                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads      12789541                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes         3162                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles               24393648                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups        2210419                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1840177                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       202229                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       848795                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits         808451                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS         237532                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9439                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19225358                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts             12123096                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches           2210419                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches      1045983                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles             2526921                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles        563846                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles       640113                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines         1195250                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes       193290                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples     22752157                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.654982                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.030366                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0       20225236     88.89%     88.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1         154573      0.68%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2         195657      0.86%     90.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3         309813      1.36%     91.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4         130880      0.58%     92.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5         168120      0.74%     93.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6         195114      0.86%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7          89979      0.40%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8        1282785      5.64%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total     22752157                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.090615                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.496978                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles       19111928                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles       764667                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles         2514831                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles         1249                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles       359480                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved       336401                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          285                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts     14819784                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         1645                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles       359480                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles       19131735                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles         62096                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles       648015                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles         2496234                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles        54593                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts     14728102                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents           25                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents         7833                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents        38030                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands     20566845                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups     68489163                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups     68489163                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps     17191209                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps        3375610                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts         3586                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1880                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts          193057                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads      1381126                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores       721460                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8000                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores       164054                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded         14378269                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3602                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued        13787166                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        13376                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1755828                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3588436                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          157                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22752157                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.605972                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326677                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     16909495     74.32%     74.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2664114     11.71%     86.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1090175      4.79%     90.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       611721      2.69%     93.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       826615      3.63%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       254971      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       250003      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       134298      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        10765      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22752157                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         94384     78.87%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead        12952     10.82%     89.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12337     10.31%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11614235     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       188483      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1705      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1263776      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       718967      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total     13787166                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.565195                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt            119673                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008680                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50459534                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16137782                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13426810                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses     13906839                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        10169                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       263585                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            8                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           86                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11114                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles       359480                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles         47260                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6125                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14381875                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        11149                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1381126                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       721460                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1881                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents         5409                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            5                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           86                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       118957                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       114160                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts       233117                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13546331                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1243219                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       240831                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs            1962084                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches        1915538                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores           718865                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.555322                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent             13426890                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count            13426810                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers         8045787                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers        21611920                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.550422                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.372285                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10001830                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps     12324614                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2057300                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3445                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts       203738                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22392677                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550386                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.370617                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17175282     76.70%     76.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2644515     11.81%     88.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       960283      4.29%     92.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       478196      2.14%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       437312      1.95%     96.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       183577      0.82%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       181811      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        86662      0.39%     98.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       245039      1.09%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22392677                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts     10001830                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps     12324614                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs              1827884                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads             1117538                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars              1718                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches          1786274                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts        11096292                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls       254504                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events       245039                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads           36529474                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes          29123344                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                293670                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles               1641491                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts          10001830                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps            12324614                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total     10001830                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.438918                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.438918                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.410018                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.410018                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads       60950358                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes      18761532                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads      13704617                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes         3442                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles               24393648                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups        2013520                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1647259                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       198570                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       822609                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits         790140                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS         208043                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9067                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19389051                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts             11261380                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches           2013520                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches       998183                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles             2348864                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles        543161                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles       440471                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           16                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines         1187900                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes       198673                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples     22520415                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614100                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.957047                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0       20171551     89.57%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1         108991      0.48%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2         173182      0.77%     90.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3         235123      1.04%     91.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4         241738      1.07%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5         204937      0.91%     93.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6         115178      0.51%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7         171360      0.76%     95.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8        1098355      4.88%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total     22520415                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.082543                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.461652                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles       19193814                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles       637704                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles         2344465                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles         2684                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles       341747                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved       331426                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          265                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts     13816933                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         1560                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles       341747                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles       19246180                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles        130440                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles       387419                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles         2295420                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles       119206                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts     13811308                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents           34                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents        15913                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents        52143                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands     19272421                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups     64249882                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups     64249882                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps     16681134                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps        2591273                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts         3408                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1767                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts          360559                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads      1292998                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores       700320                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8128                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores       260420                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded         13794548                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3420                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued        13092915                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1948                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1539627                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3689903                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          111                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22520415                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581380                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.267322                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     16908242     75.08%     75.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2365308     10.50%     85.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1180521      5.24%     90.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       843356      3.74%     94.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       669898      2.97%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       276108      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       174474      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        90543      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        11965      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22520415                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2676     12.35%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8024     37.02%     49.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        10973     50.63%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11011414     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       195335      1.49%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1639      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1186514      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       698013      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total     13092915                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.536735                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt             21673                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001655                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     48729866                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15337663                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12893860                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses     13114588                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        26399                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       208980                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           70                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10725                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles       341747                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles        103665                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11571                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13798000                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          628                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1292998                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       700320                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1768                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9807                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           70                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       115145                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       111925                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts       227070                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12909999                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1115957                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       182916                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                  32                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs            1813899                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches        1834187                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores           697942                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.529236                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent             12893980                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count            12893860                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers         7401112                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers        19947689                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.528574                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.371026                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9724450                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps     11966382                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1831627                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3309                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts       200837                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22178668                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.539545                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377275                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17208793     77.59%     77.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2492912     11.24%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       914209      4.12%     92.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       437326      1.97%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       405324      1.83%     96.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       213538      0.96%     97.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       161929      0.73%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        84582      0.38%     98.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       260055      1.17%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22178668                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts      9724450                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps     11966382                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs              1773606                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads             1084012                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars              1650                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches          1725723                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts        10781529                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls       246491                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events       260055                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads           35716544                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes          27937794                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                295620                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles               1873233                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts           9724450                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps            11966382                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total      9724450                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.508486                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.508486                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.398647                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.398647                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads       58103666                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes      17960626                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads      12808770                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes         3306                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles               24393648                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups        1901768                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1715416                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       101897                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       730702                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits         677477                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS         104856                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4464                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20146749                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts             11967459                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches           1901768                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches       782333                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles             2365660                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles        320186                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles       447921                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines         1158581                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes       102246                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples     23176133                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.605867                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.934787                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0       20810473     89.79%     89.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1          84768      0.37%     90.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2         172603      0.74%     90.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3          71912      0.31%     91.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4         392383      1.69%     92.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5         349317      1.51%     94.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6          67987      0.29%     94.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7         141616      0.61%     95.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8        1085074      4.68%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total     23176133                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.077962                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.490597                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles       20034374                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles       561777                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles         2357046                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles         7368                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles       215563                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved       167352                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          240                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts     14032848                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         1463                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles       215563                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles       20055277                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles        393912                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles       103991                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles         2344755                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles        62630                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts     14024641                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents           12                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents        26028                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents        23082                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.FullRegisterEvents          319                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands     16476941                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups     66053765                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups     66053765                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps     14580481                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps        1896439                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts         1635                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts          831                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts          161599                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads      3304776                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores      1670935                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads        15175                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores        80723                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded         13995104                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1639                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued        13447018                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7177                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1098244                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2633023                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           21                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23176133                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580210                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.377987                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18402066     79.40%     79.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1426851      6.16%     85.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1174340      5.07%     90.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       505893      2.18%     92.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       644140      2.78%     95.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       623237      2.69%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       353828      1.53%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        28129      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        17649      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23176133                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         34160     11.12%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead       265192     86.35%     97.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         7751      2.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8440353     62.77%     62.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       117610      0.87%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          804      0.01%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3221547     23.96%     87.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1666704     12.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total     13447018                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.551251                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt            307103                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022838                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50384445                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15095336                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13330722                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses     13754121                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        24457                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       130356                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           65                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          350                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11215                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1192                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles       215563                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles        359206                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles        17137                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13996757                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          190                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3304776                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1670935                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          831                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents        11682                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           14                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          350                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        58527                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        60419                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts       118946                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13351985                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3210464                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        95029                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                  14                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs            4876972                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches        1748393                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores          1666508                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.547355                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent             13331238                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count            13330722                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers         7200905                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers        14193999                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.546483                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.507320                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10819943                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps     12715280                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1282690                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1618                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts       103889                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22960570                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553788                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377431                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18351452     79.93%     79.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1680200      7.32%     87.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       789106      3.44%     90.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       780692      3.40%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       212170      0.92%     95.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       908262      3.96%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        67713      0.29%     99.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        49276      0.21%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       121699      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22960570                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts     10819943                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps     12715280                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs              4834131                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads             3174411                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars               808                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches          1678758                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts        11307358                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls       123170                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events       121699                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads           36836815                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes          28211555                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                443516                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles               1217515                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts          10819943                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps            12715280                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total     10819943                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.254508                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.254508                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.443556                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.443556                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads       66001111                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes      15488882                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads      16700638                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes         1616                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles               24393644                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups        1848504                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1654093                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       148353                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1235232                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1218547                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS         107819                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4432                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19596888                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts             10509859                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches           1848504                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches      1326366                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles             2341506                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles        490473                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles       285771                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines         1186825                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes       145313                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples     22565485                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.520286                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.759869                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0       20223979     89.62%     89.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1         361050      1.60%     91.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2         176545      0.78%     92.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3         357102      1.58%     93.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4         110040      0.49%     94.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5         331445      1.47%     95.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6          50923      0.23%     95.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7          83065      0.37%     96.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8         871336      3.86%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total     22565485                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.075778                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.430844                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles       19361883                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles       525536                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles         2336744                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles         1895                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles       339423                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved       170841                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred         1897                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts     11719441                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         4508                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles       339423                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles       19388578                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles        319394                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles       125553                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles         2311902                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles        80631                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts     11701644                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents           14                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents         9202                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents        64497                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands     15297310                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups     52974521                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups     52974521                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps     12348478                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps        2948832                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts         1531                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts          778                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts          174138                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads      2144594                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores       334581                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2203                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores        75721                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded         11639631                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1537                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued        10880821                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7172                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2141989                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4407464                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           17                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22565485                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.482189                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.093446                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17793254     78.85%     78.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1489131      6.60%     85.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1613288      7.15%     92.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       931965      4.13%     96.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       473590      2.10%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       119554      0.53%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       138612      0.61%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3311      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2780      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22565485                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         17875     57.17%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7362     23.55%     80.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         6027     19.28%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8509791     78.21%     78.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        83003      0.76%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          754      0.01%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1955997     17.98%     96.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       331276      3.04%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total     10880821                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.446051                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt             31264                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002873                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     44365563                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     13783189                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     10601838                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses     10912085                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         8454                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       443181                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           13                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           35                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9384                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles       339423                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles        215473                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles         9863                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     11641175                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          515                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2144594                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       334581                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          777                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents         3903                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          212                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           35                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        99547                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        57593                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts       157140                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts     10745441                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1928974                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       135380                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs            2260207                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches        1636217                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores           331233                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.440502                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent             10604589                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count            10601838                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers         6421175                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers        13850928                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.434615                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.463592                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8448906                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps      9482604                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2159026                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1520                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts       147231                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22226062                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.426643                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.298377                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18711036     84.19%     84.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1370133      6.16%     90.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       890774      4.01%     94.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       278462      1.25%     95.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       468884      2.11%     97.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        89689      0.40%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        56800      0.26%     98.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        51516      0.23%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       308768      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22226062                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts      8448906                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps      9482604                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs              2026610                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads             1701413                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars               758                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches          1457739                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts         8278034                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls       115772                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events       308768                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads           33558898                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes          23622954                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                441398                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles               1828159                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts           8448906                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps             9482604                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total      8448906                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.887196                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.887196                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.346357                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.346357                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads       49995450                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes      13781642                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads      12499226                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes         1520                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles               24393648                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups        1986167                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1628091                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       196806                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       837178                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits         776158                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS         204447                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8963                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19008753                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts             11292837                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches           1986167                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches       980605                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles             2483350                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles        556562                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles       589970                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines         1172265                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes       195190                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples     22438688                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615476                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.966422                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0       19955338     88.93%     88.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1         268321      1.20%     90.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2         310025      1.38%     91.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3         171850      0.77%     92.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4         197076      0.88%     93.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5         109042      0.49%     93.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6          75221      0.34%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7         192812      0.86%     94.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8        1159003      5.17%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total     22438688                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.081421                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.462942                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles       18852875                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles       749180                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles         2462802                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles        19282                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles       354547                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved       322563                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred         2071                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts     13784371                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts        10777                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles       354547                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles       18882775                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles        234877                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles       431094                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles         2453337                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles        82056                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts     13774849                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents           25                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents        20287                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents        38777                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands     19147401                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups     64141473                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups     64141473                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps     16350806                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps        2796590                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts         3701                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2107                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts          223332                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads      1316138                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores       717195                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads        18277                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores       158436                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded         13753170                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3713                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued        13004530                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17544                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1710205                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3941001                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          498                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22438688                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579558                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269109                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     16958138     75.58%     75.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2205208      9.83%     85.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1185034      5.28%     90.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       819473      3.65%     94.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       715631      3.19%     97.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       365943      1.63%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        88934      0.40%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        57624      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        42703      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22438688                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3292     11.76%     11.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead        12018     42.94%     54.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12678     45.30%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10884724     83.70%     83.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       203157      1.56%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1593      0.01%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1203427      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       711629      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total     13004530                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.533111                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt             27988                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002152                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     48493280                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15467228                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12786290                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses     13032518                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        32810                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       232330                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           78                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          143                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        15898                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          797                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles       354547                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles        189920                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13146                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13756906                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         2714                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1316138                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       717195                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2107                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9322                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          143                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       114239                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       110012                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts       224251                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12809779                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1129637                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       194751                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                  23                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs            1841073                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches        1793287                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores           711436                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.525128                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent             12786587                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count            12786290                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers         7600091                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers        19898132                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.524165                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.381950                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9602849                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps     11781742                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1975334                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3215                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts       197786                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22084141                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533493                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.352053                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17270397     78.20%     78.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2232065     10.11%     88.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       935736      4.24%     92.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       561622      2.54%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       389305      1.76%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       252586      1.14%     98.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       130731      0.59%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       104789      0.47%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       206910      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22084141                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts      9602849                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps     11781742                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs              1785102                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads             1083805                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars              1604                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches          1686219                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts        10621746                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls       239742                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events       206910                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads           35634242                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes          27868720                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                293002                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles               1954960                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts           9602849                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps            11781742                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total      9602849                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.540251                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.540251                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.393662                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.393662                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads       57789997                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes      17746519                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads      12867433                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes         3212                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles               24393648                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups        2014079                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1647485                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       198987                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       823163                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits         790658                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS         207912                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9093                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19393134                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts             11262225                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches           2014079                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches       998570                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles             2348778                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles        544502                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles       439751                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines         1188315                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes       199023                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples     22524610                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614057                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.956967                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0       20175832     89.57%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1         108849      0.48%     90.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2         172623      0.77%     90.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3         235155      1.04%     91.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4         241753      1.07%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5         205193      0.91%     93.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6         115602      0.51%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7         171578      0.76%     95.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8        1098025      4.87%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total     22524610                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.082566                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.461687                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles       19198554                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles       636279                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles         2344399                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles         2694                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles       342683                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved       331819                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          265                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts     13818744                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         1555                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles       342683                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles       19250823                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles        130682                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles       386040                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles         2295512                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles       118867                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts     13813103                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents           42                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents        15837                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents        52021                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands     19271100                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups     64257193                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups     64257193                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps     16673433                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps        2597667                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts         3409                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1769                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts          359261                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads      1293851                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores       700021                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8152                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores       223672                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded         13796194                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3422                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued        13092830                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1935                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1544791                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3702575                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          113                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22524610                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581268                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269343                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     16942163     75.22%     75.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2329285     10.34%     85.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1169855      5.19%     90.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       854371      3.79%     94.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       675591      3.00%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       276494      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       174132      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        90656      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        12063      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22524610                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2703     12.45%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8025     36.96%     49.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        10985     50.59%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11011785     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       195256      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1639      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1186540      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       697610      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total     13092830                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.536731                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt             21713                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001658                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     48733918                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15344472                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12892647                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses     13114543                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        26049                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       210344                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            6                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           68                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10727                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles       342683                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles        104129                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11519                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13799643                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          682                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1293851                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       700021                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1770                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9749                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            2                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           68                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       115254                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       112143                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts       227397                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12909027                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1115442                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       183803                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                  27                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs            1812987                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches        1834238                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores           697545                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.529196                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent             12892772                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count            12892647                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers         7400435                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers        19947762                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.528525                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.370991                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9719966                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps     11960844                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1838819                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3309                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts       201247                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22181927                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.539216                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.381201                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17237477     77.71%     77.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2469535     11.13%     88.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       915389      4.13%     92.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       437795      1.97%     94.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       390529      1.76%     96.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       212643      0.96%     97.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       171285      0.77%     98.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        84087      0.38%     98.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       263187      1.19%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22181927                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts      9719966                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps     11960844                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs              1772801                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads             1083507                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars              1650                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches          1724917                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts        10776531                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls       246370                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events       263187                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads           35718325                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes          27942028                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                296025                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles               1869038                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts           9719966                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps            11960844                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total      9719966                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.509643                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.509643                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.398463                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.398463                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads       58096304                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes      17957415                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads      12808592                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes         3306                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.replacements                          30884                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tagsinuse                      32761.847493                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.total_refs                          1318438                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.sampled_refs                          63638                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.avg_refs                          20.717779                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.warmup_cycle                              0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           245.877101                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    26.565329                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   478.215119                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    28.598844                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   584.524860                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    19.643783                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   875.602707                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    27.418974                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   580.357667                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    19.754594                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data  1286.043807                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    22.991311                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data  1162.612502                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    23.724861                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data  1153.722510                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    28.251245                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   492.046884                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    24.076494                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   778.577994                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    24.137100                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data  1155.636635                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    24.682503                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   516.662414                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    26.838949                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   592.151376                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    18.995442                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data  1291.589076                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    19.461551                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   873.863031                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    21.686059                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   735.649698                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    25.496290                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   572.756577                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu00.data           839.122100                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu01.data           984.450023                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu02.data          1397.111876                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu03.data          1003.751574                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu04.data          1510.098965                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu05.data          1408.783975                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu06.data          1448.111681                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu07.data           799.365482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu08.data          1218.588258                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu09.data          1454.053712                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu10.data           758.107170                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu11.data           980.349468                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu12.data          1448.647859                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu13.data          1395.136308                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu14.data          1354.119583                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu15.data          1003.836174                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_percent::writebacks            0.007504                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000811                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.014594                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000873                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.017838                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000599                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.026721                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000837                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.017711                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000603                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.039247                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000702                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.035480                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000724                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.035209                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000862                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.015016                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000735                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.023760                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000737                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.035267                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000753                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.015767                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000819                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.018071                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000580                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.039416                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000594                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.026668                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000662                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.022450                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000778                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.017479                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu00.data            0.025608                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu01.data            0.030043                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu02.data            0.042636                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu03.data            0.030632                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu04.data            0.046085                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu05.data            0.042993                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu06.data            0.044193                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu07.data            0.024395                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu08.data            0.037188                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu09.data            0.044374                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu10.data            0.023136                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu11.data            0.029918                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu12.data            0.044209                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu13.data            0.042576                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu14.data            0.041324                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu15.data            0.030635                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::total                 0.999812                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         2555                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         2552                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         3552                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         2563                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         4819                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         4125                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         4142                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         2531                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         3378                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         4136                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         2494                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         2534                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         4741                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         3566                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         3527                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         2578                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   53819                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks            15962                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                 15962                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data           19                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   219                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data         2570                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data         2570                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data         3558                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data         2581                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data         4825                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data         4140                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data         4157                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data         2548                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data         3393                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data         4151                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data         2513                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data         2551                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data         4746                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data         3571                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data         3542                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data         2596                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    54038                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data         2570                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data         2570                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data         3558                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data         2581                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data         4825                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data         4140                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data         4157                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data         2548                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data         3393                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data         4151                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data         2513                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data         2551                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data         4746                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data         3571                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data         3542                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data         2596                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   54038                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1063                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1333                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1882                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1322                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2944                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2829                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2794                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1089                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1860                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2800                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1130                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1348                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2997                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1885                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1723                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1301                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 30868                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                   6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1063                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1333                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1882                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1322                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2944                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2829                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2794                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1089                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1862                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2800                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1130                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1348                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2998                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1886                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1725                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1301                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  30874                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1063                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1333                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1882                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1322                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2944                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2829                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2794                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1089                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1862                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2800                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1130                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1348                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2998                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           30                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1886                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1725                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1301                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 30874                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5819468                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    160168343                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6110765                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    200494374                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      4068810                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    283335917                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5672956                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    200521432                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5017491                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    447690787                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5349924                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    426682199                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5495233                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    421186475                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5822391                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    164482279                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5040523                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    280842800                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5662027                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    424002923                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5563757                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    171230979                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6066908                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    203675308                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      4949976                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    455151438                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      4488555                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    284389314                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      4976068                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    259456750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6115212                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    196623113                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      4666154495                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data       271716                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       166237                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       166274                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       345823                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total        950050                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5819468                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    160168343                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6110765                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    200494374                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      4068810                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    283335917                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5672956                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    200521432                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5017491                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    447690787                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5349924                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    426682199                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5495233                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    421186475                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5822391                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    164482279                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5040523                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    281114516                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5662027                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    424002923                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5563757                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    171230979                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6066908                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    203675308                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      4949976                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    455317675                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      4488555                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    284555588                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      4976068                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    259802573                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6115212                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    196623113                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       4667104545                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5819468                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    160168343                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6110765                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    200494374                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      4068810                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    283335917                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5672956                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    200521432                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5017491                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    447690787                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5349924                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    426682199                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5495233                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    421186475                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5822391                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    164482279                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5040523                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    281114516                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5662027                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    424002923                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5563757                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    171230979                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6066908                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    203675308                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      4949976                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    455317675                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      4488555                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    284555588                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      4976068                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    259802573                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6115212                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    196623113                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      4667104545                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         3618                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         3885                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         5434                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         3885                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         7763                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         6954                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         6936                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         3620                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         5238                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         6936                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         3624                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         3882                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         7738                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         5451                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         5250                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         3879                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               84687                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        15962                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total             15962                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           19                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               225                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         3633                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         3903                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         5440                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         3903                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         7769                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         6969                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         6951                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         3637                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         5255                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         6951                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         3643                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         3899                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         7744                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         5457                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         5267                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         3897                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                84912                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         3633                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         3903                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         5440                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         3903                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         7769                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         6969                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         6951                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         3637                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         5255                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         6951                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         3643                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         3899                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         7744                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           31                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         5457                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         5267                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         3897                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               84912                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.293809                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.930233                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.343115                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.346338                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.926829                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.340283                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.379235                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.406816                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.402826                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.300829                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.355097                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.403691                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.311810                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.347244                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.387309                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.345808                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.328190                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.930233                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.335396                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.364495                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.117647                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.166667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.166667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.117647                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.026667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.292596                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.930233                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.341532                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.345956                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.926829                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.338714                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.378942                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.405941                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.401957                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.299423                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.354329                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.402820                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.310184                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.345730                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.387138                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.345611                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.327511                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.930233                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.333847                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.363600                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.292596                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.930233                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.341532                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.345956                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.926829                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.338714                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.378942                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.405941                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.401957                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.299423                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.354329                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.402820                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.310184                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.345730                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.387138                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.345611                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.327511                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.930233                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.333847                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.363600                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 157282.918919                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 150675.769520                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 152769.125000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 150408.382596                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 150696.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 150550.434113                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 149288.315789                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 151680.357035                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 152045.181818                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 152068.881454                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 152854.971429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 150824.389890                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 152645.361111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 150746.769864                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 149292.076923                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 151039.741965                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 148250.676471                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 150990.752688                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 153027.756757                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 151429.615357                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 150371.810811                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 151531.839823                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 155561.743590                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 151094.442136                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 149999.272727                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 151869.015015                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 149618.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 150869.662599                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 150789.939394                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 150584.300638                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 152880.300000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 151132.292852                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 151164.782137                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data       135858                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       166237                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       166274                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 172911.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 158341.666667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 157282.918919                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 150675.769520                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 152769.125000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 150408.382596                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 150696.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 150550.434113                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 149288.315789                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 151680.357035                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 152045.181818                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 152068.881454                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 152854.971429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 150824.389890                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 152645.361111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 150746.769864                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 149292.076923                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 151039.741965                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 148250.676471                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 150974.498389                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 153027.756757                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 151429.615357                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 150371.810811                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 151531.839823                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 155561.743590                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 151094.442136                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 149999.272727                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 151873.807538                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 149618.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 150877.830329                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 150789.939394                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 150610.187246                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 152880.300000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 151132.292852                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 151166.176880                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 157282.918919                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 150675.769520                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 152769.125000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 150408.382596                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 150696.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 150550.434113                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 149288.315789                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 151680.357035                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 152045.181818                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 152068.881454                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 152854.971429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 150824.389890                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 152645.361111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 150746.769864                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 149292.076923                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 151039.741965                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 148250.676471                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 150974.498389                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 153027.756757                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 151429.615357                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 150371.810811                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 151531.839823                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 155561.743590                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 151094.442136                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 149999.272727                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 151873.807538                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 149618.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 150877.830329                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 150789.939394                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 150610.187246                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 152880.300000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 151132.292852                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 151166.176880                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 8824                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      8824                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1063                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1333                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1882                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1322                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2944                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2829                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2794                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1089                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1860                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1130                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1348                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2997                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1885                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1723                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1301                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            30868                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total              6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1063                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1333                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1882                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1322                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2944                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2829                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2794                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1089                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1862                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2800                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1130                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1348                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1886                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1725                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1301                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             30874                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1063                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1333                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1882                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1322                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2944                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2829                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2794                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1089                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1862                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2800                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1130                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1348                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2998                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1886                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1725                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1301                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            30874                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3667155                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     98267153                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3787123                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    122892003                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2498799                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    173684399                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3464018                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    123548238                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3097441                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    276292070                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3314180                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    261939382                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3395323                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    258479216                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3552543                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    101072248                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3061199                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    172494727                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3504036                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    260957277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3410224                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    105436683                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3800611                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    125177912                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3027416                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    280687991                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2742641                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    174571789                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3051371                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    159107309                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3791583                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    120895236                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2868669296                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data       155303                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       107627                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       108044                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       229015                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       599989                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3667155                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     98267153                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3787123                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    122892003                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2498799                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    173684399                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3464018                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    123548238                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3097441                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    276292070                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3314180                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    261939382                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3395323                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    258479216                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3552543                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    101072248                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3061199                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    172650030                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3504036                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    260957277                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3410224                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    105436683                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3800611                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    125177912                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3027416                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    280795618                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2742641                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    174679833                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3051371                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    159336324                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3791583                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    120895236                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2869269285                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3667155                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     98267153                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3787123                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    122892003                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2498799                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    173684399                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3464018                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    123548238                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3097441                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    276292070                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3314180                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    261939382                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3395323                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    258479216                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3552543                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    101072248                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3061199                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    172650030                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3504036                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    260957277                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3410224                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    105436683                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3800611                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    125177912                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3027416                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    280795618                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2742641                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    174679833                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3051371                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    159336324                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3791583                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    120895236                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2869269285                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.293809                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.930233                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.343115                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.346338                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.926829                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.340283                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.379235                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.406816                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.402826                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.300829                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.355097                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.403691                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.311810                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.347244                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.387309                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.345808                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.328190                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.930233                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.335396                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.364495                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.117647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.166667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.166667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.117647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.292596                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.930233                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.341532                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.345956                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.926829                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.338714                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.378942                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.405941                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.401957                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.299423                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.354329                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.402820                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.310184                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.345730                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.387138                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.345611                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.327511                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.930233                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.333847                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.363600                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.292596                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.930233                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.341532                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.345956                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.926829                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.338714                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.378942                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.405941                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.401957                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.299423                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.354329                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.402820                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.310184                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.345730                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.387138                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.345611                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.327511                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.930233                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.333847                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.363600                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 99112.297297                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 92443.229539                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 94678.075000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 92192.050263                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 92548.111111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 92287.140808                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 91158.368421                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 93455.550681                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 93861.848485                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 93849.208560                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 94690.857143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 92590.803111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 94314.527778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 92512.246242                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 91090.846154                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 92811.981635                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 90035.264706                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 92739.100538                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 94703.675676                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 93199.027500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 92168.216216                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 93306.799115                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 97451.564103                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 92861.952522                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 91739.878788                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 93656.319987                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 91421.366667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 92611.028647                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 92465.787879                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 92343.185723                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 94789.575000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 92924.854727                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92933.435791                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 77651.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       107627                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       108044                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 114507.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99998.166667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 99112.297297                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 92443.229539                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 94678.075000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 92192.050263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 92548.111111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 92287.140808                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 91158.368421                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 93455.550681                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 93861.848485                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 93849.208560                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 94690.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 92590.803111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 94314.527778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 92512.246242                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 91090.846154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 92811.981635                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 90035.264706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 92722.894737                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 94703.675676                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 93199.027500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 92168.216216                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 93306.799115                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 97451.564103                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 92861.952522                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 91739.878788                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 93660.979987                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 91421.366667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 92619.211559                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 92465.787879                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 92368.883478                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 94789.575000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 92924.854727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92934.808739                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 99112.297297                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 92443.229539                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 94678.075000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 92192.050263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 92548.111111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 92287.140808                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 91158.368421                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 93455.550681                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 93861.848485                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 93849.208560                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 94690.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 92590.803111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 94314.527778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 92512.246242                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 91090.846154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 92811.981635                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 90035.264706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 92722.894737                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 94703.675676                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 93199.027500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 92168.216216                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 93306.799115                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 97451.564103                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 92861.952522                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 91739.878788                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 93660.979987                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 91421.366667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 92619.211559                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 92465.787879                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 92368.883478                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 94789.575000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 92924.854727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92934.808739                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              489.090496                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1001204050                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  494                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             2026728.846154                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    34.090496                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.054632                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.783799                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1195950                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1195950                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1195950                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total        1195950                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1195950                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total       1195950                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      9055559                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9055559                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      9055559                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9055559                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      9055559                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9055559                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1196002                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1196002                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1196002                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total      1196002                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1196002                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total      1196002                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 174145.365385                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 174145.365385                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 174145.365385                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 174145.365385                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 174145.365385                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 174145.365385                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6925374                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6925374                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6925374                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6925374                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6925374                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6925374                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 177573.692308                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 177573.692308                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 177573.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 177573.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 177573.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 177573.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                 3633                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              148429207                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                 3889                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             38166.419902                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   220.302697                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    35.697303                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.860557                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.139443                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       952569                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        952569                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       706677                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       706677                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1845                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1845                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1721                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1721                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data      1659246                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total        1659246                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data      1659246                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total       1659246                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         9203                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         9203                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           64                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           64                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         9267                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total         9267                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         9267                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total         9267                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    962061508                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    962061508                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      5399640                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      5399640                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    967461148                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    967461148                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    967461148                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    967461148                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       961772                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       961772                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       706741                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       706741                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         1845                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1845                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         1721                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1721                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      1668513                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1668513                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      1668513                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1668513                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.009569                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009569                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000091                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000091                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.005554                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005554                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.005554                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005554                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 104537.814626                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 104537.814626                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 84369.375000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84369.375000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 104398.526816                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 104398.526816                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 104398.526816                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 104398.526816                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          782                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total             782                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         5585                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         5585                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data           49                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           49                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         5634                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         5634                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         5634                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         5634                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3618                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3618                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3633                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3633                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3633                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3633                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    343957915                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    343957915                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      1129297                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1129297                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    345087212                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    345087212                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    345087212                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    345087212                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.003762                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003762                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002177                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002177                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002177                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002177                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 95068.522664                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95068.522664                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 75286.466667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75286.466667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 94986.846133                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94986.846133                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 94986.846133                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94986.846133                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              510.814348                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs              998100255                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1926834.469112                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    35.814348                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.057395                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.818613                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1187784                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1187784                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1187784                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total        1187784                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1187784                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total       1187784                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     10218128                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     10218128                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     10218128                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     10218128                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     10218128                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     10218128                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1187837                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1187837                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1187837                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total      1187837                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1187837                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total      1187837                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 192794.867925                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 192794.867925                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 192794.867925                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 192794.867925                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 192794.867925                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 192794.867925                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      8378445                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8378445                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      8378445                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      8378445                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      8378445                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      8378445                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 194847.558140                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 194847.558140                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 194847.558140                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 194847.558140                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 194847.558140                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 194847.558140                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                 3903                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              152132248                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                 4159                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             36579.044963                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   223.101931                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    32.898069                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.871492                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.128508                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       816836                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        816836                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       686422                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       686422                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1738                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1738                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1654                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1654                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data      1503258                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total        1503258                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data      1503258                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total       1503258                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        12500                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        12500                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          108                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          108                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        12608                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total        12608                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        12608                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total        12608                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1481821967                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1481821967                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     10223756                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     10223756                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1492045723                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1492045723                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1492045723                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1492045723                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       829336                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       829336                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       686530                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       686530                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         1738                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1738                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         1654                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1654                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      1515866                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1515866                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      1515866                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1515866                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.015072                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015072                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000157                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000157                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008317                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008317                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008317                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008317                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 118545.757360                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 118545.757360                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 94664.407407                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94664.407407                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 118341.189959                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 118341.189959                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 118341.189959                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 118341.189959                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          828                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total             828                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         8615                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         8615                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data           90                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           90                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         8705                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         8705                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         8705                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         8705                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3885                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3885                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3903                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3903                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3903                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3903                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    388190468                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    388190468                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      1447472                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1447472                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    389637940                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    389637940                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    389637940                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    389637940                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.004684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002575                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002575                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002575                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002575                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 99920.326384                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99920.326384                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 80415.111111                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80415.111111                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 99830.371509                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99830.371509                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 99830.371509                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99830.371509                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              550.551692                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs              917914296                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  555                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1653899.632432                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    24.373692                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst   526.177999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.039060                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.843234                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.882294                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1186851                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1186851                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1186851                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total        1186851                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1186851                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total       1186851                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           36                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5471332                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5471332                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5471332                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5471332                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5471332                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5471332                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1186887                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1186887                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1186887                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total      1186887                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1186887                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total      1186887                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000030                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000030                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000030                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 151981.444444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 151981.444444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 151981.444444                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 151981.444444                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 151981.444444                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 151981.444444                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      4448088                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4448088                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      4448088                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4448088                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      4448088                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4448088                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 158860.285714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158860.285714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 158860.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158860.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 158860.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158860.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                 5440                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              204769697                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                 5696                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             35949.736131                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   191.551090                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    64.448910                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.748246                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.251754                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      1766494                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1766494                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       323330                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       323330                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          767                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          767                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          759                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          759                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data      2089824                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total        2089824                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data      2089824                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total       2089824                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        18766                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18766                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        18796                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total        18796                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        18796                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total        18796                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2015135200                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2015135200                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      2529614                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2529614                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2017664814                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2017664814                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2017664814                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2017664814                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      1785260                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1785260                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       323360                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       323360                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          767                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          767                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          759                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          759                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      2108620                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2108620                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      2108620                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2108620                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.010512                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010512                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000093                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000093                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.008914                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008914                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.008914                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008914                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 107382.244485                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107382.244485                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 84320.466667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84320.466667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 107345.435944                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 107345.435944                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 107345.435944                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 107345.435944                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          625                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total             625                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        13332                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13332                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        13356                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        13356                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        13356                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        13356                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         5434                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5434                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         5440                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5440                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         5440                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5440                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    542075510                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    542075510                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       384600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       384600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    542460110                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    542460110                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    542460110                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    542460110                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003044                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003044                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002580                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002580                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002580                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002580                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 99756.258741                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99756.258741                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 99716.931985                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99716.931985                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 99716.931985                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99716.931985                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              511.384829                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs              998100283                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  516                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1934302.874031                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    36.384829                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.058309                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.819527                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1187812                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1187812                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1187812                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total        1187812                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1187812                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total       1187812                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      9209788                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9209788                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      9209788                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9209788                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      9209788                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9209788                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1187862                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1187862                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1187862                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total      1187862                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1187862                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total      1187862                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 184195.760000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 184195.760000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 184195.760000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 184195.760000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 184195.760000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 184195.760000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      7697680                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7697680                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      7697680                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7697680                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      7697680                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7697680                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 187748.292683                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 187748.292683                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 187748.292683                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 187748.292683                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 187748.292683                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 187748.292683                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                 3903                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              152133035                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                 4159                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             36579.234191                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   223.092258                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    32.907742                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.871454                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.128546                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       817250                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        817250                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       686835                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       686835                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1698                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1698                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1654                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1654                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data      1504085                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total        1504085                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data      1504085                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total       1504085                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        12489                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        12489                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          108                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          108                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        12597                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total        12597                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        12597                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total        12597                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1482963974                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1482963974                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      9205535                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      9205535                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1492169509                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1492169509                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1492169509                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1492169509                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       829739                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       829739                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       686943                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       686943                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         1698                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1698                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         1654                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1654                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      1516682                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1516682                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      1516682                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1516682                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.015052                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015052                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000157                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000157                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008306                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008306                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008306                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008306                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 118741.610537                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 118741.610537                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 85236.435185                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85236.435185                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 118454.354926                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 118454.354926                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 118454.354926                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 118454.354926                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          828                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total             828                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         8604                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         8604                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data           90                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           90                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         8694                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         8694                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         8694                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         8694                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3885                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3885                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3903                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3903                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3903                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3903                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    387761358                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    387761358                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      1267104                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1267104                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    389028462                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    389028462                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    389028462                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    389028462                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.004682                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004682                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002573                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002573                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002573                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002573                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 99809.873359                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99809.873359                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 70394.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70394.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 99674.215219                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99674.215219                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 99674.215219                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99674.215219                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              567.148530                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs             1028874262                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  577                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1783144.301560                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    24.788157                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst   542.360373                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.039725                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.869167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.908892                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1158941                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1158941                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1158941                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total        1158941                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1158941                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total       1158941                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      7067872                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7067872                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      7067872                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7067872                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      7067872                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7067872                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1158985                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1158985                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1158985                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total      1158985                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1158985                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total      1158985                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 160633.454545                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 160633.454545                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 160633.454545                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 160633.454545                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 160633.454545                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 160633.454545                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5571430                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5571430                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5571430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5571430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5571430                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5571430                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 163865.588235                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163865.588235                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 163865.588235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163865.588235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 163865.588235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163865.588235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                 7769                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              405433587                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                 8025                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             50521.319252                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   111.074707                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data   144.925293                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.433886                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.566114                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      3035516                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3035516                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      1661262                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1661262                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          811                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          811                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          808                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          808                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data      4696778                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total        4696778                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data      4696778                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total       4696778                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data        27462                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        27462                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           19                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           19                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data        27481                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total        27481                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data        27481                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total        27481                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3131749166                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3131749166                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      1409446                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1409446                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3133158612                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3133158612                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3133158612                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3133158612                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      3062978                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3062978                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      1661281                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1661281                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          811                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          811                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          808                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          808                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      4724259                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4724259                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      4724259                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4724259                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008966                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008966                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000011                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000011                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.005817                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005817                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.005817                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005817                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 114039.369529                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 114039.369529                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 74181.368421                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 74181.368421                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 114011.812234                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 114011.812234                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 114011.812234                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 114011.812234                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1422                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total            1422                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        19699                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        19699                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        19712                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        19712                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        19712                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        19712                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         7763                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7763                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         7769                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7769                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         7769                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7769                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    814560512                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    814560512                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       384600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       384600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    814945112                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    814945112                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    814945112                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    814945112                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002534                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002534                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.001644                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001644                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.001644                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001644                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 104928.572974                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104928.572974                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 104897.041061                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104897.041061                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 104897.041061                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104897.041061                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              517.819476                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs             1003850898                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  526                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1908461.783270                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    27.819476                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.044582                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.829839                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1183217                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1183217                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1183217                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total        1183217                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1183217                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total       1183217                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      7445533                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7445533                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      7445533                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7445533                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      7445533                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7445533                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1183265                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1183265                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1183265                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total      1183265                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1183265                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total      1183265                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 155115.270833                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 155115.270833                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 155115.270833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 155115.270833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 155115.270833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 155115.270833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5888105                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5888105                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5888105                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5888105                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5888105                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5888105                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 163558.472222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163558.472222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 163558.472222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163558.472222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 163558.472222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163558.472222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                 6969                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              166885877                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                 7225                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             23098.391280                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   227.572068                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    28.427932                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.888953                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.111047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       819664                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        819664                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       677354                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       677354                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1871                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1871                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1580                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1580                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data      1497018                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total        1497018                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data      1497018                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total       1497018                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        17820                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        17820                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           91                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           91                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        17911                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total        17911                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        17911                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total        17911                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2101360806                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2101360806                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      7379357                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7379357                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2108740163                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2108740163                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2108740163                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2108740163                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       837484                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       837484                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       677445                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       677445                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         1871                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1871                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         1580                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1580                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      1514929                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1514929                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      1514929                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1514929                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.021278                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021278                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000134                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000134                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.011823                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011823                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.011823                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011823                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 117921.481818                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 117921.481818                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 81091.835165                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81091.835165                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 117734.362291                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 117734.362291                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 117734.362291                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 117734.362291                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          848                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total             848                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        10866                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        10866                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data           76                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           76                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        10942                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        10942                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        10942                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        10942                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         6954                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6954                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         6969                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6969                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         6969                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6969                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    733440650                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    733440650                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       996885                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       996885                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    734437535                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    734437535                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    734437535                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    734437535                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008303                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008303                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.004600                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004600                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.004600                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004600                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 105470.326431                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105470.326431                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data        66459                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        66459                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 105386.358875                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105386.358875                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 105386.358875                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105386.358875                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              518.253680                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs             1003850875                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  527                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1904840.370019                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    28.253680                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.045278                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.830535                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1183194                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1183194                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1183194                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total        1183194                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1183194                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total       1183194                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      7871805                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7871805                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      7871805                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7871805                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      7871805                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7871805                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1183244                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1183244                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1183244                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total      1183244                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1183244                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total      1183244                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 157436.100000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 157436.100000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 157436.100000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 157436.100000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 157436.100000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 157436.100000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6071975                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6071975                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6071975                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6071975                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6071975                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6071975                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 164107.432432                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164107.432432                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 164107.432432                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164107.432432                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 164107.432432                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164107.432432                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                 6951                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              166886957                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                 7207                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             23156.231025                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   227.416859                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    28.583141                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.888347                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.111653                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       819987                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        819987                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       678142                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       678142                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1839                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1839                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1581                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1581                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data      1498129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total        1498129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data      1498129                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total       1498129                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        17826                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        17826                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           91                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           91                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        17917                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total        17917                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        17917                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total        17917                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2097803429                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2097803429                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      7315997                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7315997                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2105119426                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2105119426                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2105119426                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2105119426                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       837813                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       837813                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       678233                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       678233                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         1839                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1839                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         1581                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1581                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      1516046                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1516046                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      1516046                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1516046                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.021277                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021277                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000134                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000134                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.011818                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011818                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.011818                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011818                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 117682.229833                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 117682.229833                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 80395.571429                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 80395.571429                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 117492.851817                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 117492.851817                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 117492.851817                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 117492.851817                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          860                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total             860                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        10890                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        10890                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data           76                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           76                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        10966                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        10966                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        10966                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        10966                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         6936                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6936                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         6951                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6951                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         6951                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6951                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    729087000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    729087000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       977984                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       977984                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    730064984                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    730064984                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    730064984                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    730064984                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008279                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008279                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.004585                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004585                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.004585                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004585                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 105116.349481                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105116.349481                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 65198.933333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65198.933333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 105030.209179                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105030.209179                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 105030.209179                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105030.209179                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              491.406592                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs             1001203831                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             2018556.110887                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    36.406592                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.058344                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.787511                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1195731                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1195731                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1195731                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total        1195731                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1195731                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total       1195731                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      8874344                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8874344                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      8874344                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8874344                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      8874344                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8874344                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1195786                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1195786                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1195786                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total      1195786                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1195786                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total      1195786                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000046                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000046                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000046                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000046                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000046                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000046                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 161351.709091                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 161351.709091                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 161351.709091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 161351.709091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 161351.709091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 161351.709091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6878333                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6878333                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6878333                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6878333                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6878333                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6878333                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 167764.219512                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167764.219512                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 167764.219512                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167764.219512                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 167764.219512                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167764.219512                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                 3637                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              148429917                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                 3893                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             38127.386848                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   220.275016                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    35.724984                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.860449                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.139551                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       953008                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        953008                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       706981                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       706981                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1812                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1812                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1721                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1721                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data      1659989                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total        1659989                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data      1659989                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total       1659989                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         9211                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         9211                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data           80                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           80                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         9291                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total         9291                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         9291                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total         9291                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    963905404                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    963905404                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      7330407                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7330407                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    971235811                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    971235811                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    971235811                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    971235811                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       962219                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       962219                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       707061                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       707061                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         1812                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1812                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         1721                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1721                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      1669280                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1669280                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      1669280                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1669280                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.009573                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009573                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000113                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000113                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.005566                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005566                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.005566                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005566                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 104647.204864                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 104647.204864                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 91630.087500                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 91630.087500                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 104535.121193                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 104535.121193                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 104535.121193                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 104535.121193                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          779                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total             779                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         5591                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         5591                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data           63                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           63                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         5654                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         5654                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         5654                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         5654                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3620                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3620                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3637                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3637                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3637                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3637                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    346123261                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    346123261                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      1407998                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1407998                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    347531259                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    347531259                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    347531259                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    347531259                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.003762                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003762                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002179                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002179                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002179                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002179                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 95614.160497                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95614.160497                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 82823.411765                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82823.411765                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 95554.374210                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95554.374210                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 95554.374210                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95554.374210                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              511.928089                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs              999389891                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1933055.882012                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    29.928089                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.047962                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.820398                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1170146                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1170146                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1170146                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total        1170146                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1170146                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total       1170146                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6471106                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6471106                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6471106                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6471106                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6471106                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6471106                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1170187                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1170187                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1170187                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total      1170187                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1170187                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total      1170187                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 157831.853659                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 157831.853659                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 157831.853659                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 157831.853659                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 157831.853659                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 157831.853659                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5636085                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5636085                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5636085                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5636085                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5636085                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5636085                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst       161031                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       161031                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst       161031                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       161031                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst       161031                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       161031                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                 5255                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              158031352                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                 5511                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             28675.621847                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   223.698146                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    32.301854                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.873821                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.126179                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       825324                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        825324                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       696434                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       696434                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1615                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1615                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1601                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1601                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data      1521758                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total        1521758                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data      1521758                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total       1521758                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        18122                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18122                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          422                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          422                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        18544                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total        18544                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        18544                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total        18544                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2251887233                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2251887233                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     50611040                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     50611040                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2302498273                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2302498273                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2302498273                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2302498273                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       843446                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       843446                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       696856                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       696856                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         1615                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1615                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         1601                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1601                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      1540302                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1540302                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      1540302                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1540302                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.021486                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021486                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000606                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000606                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.012039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.012039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 124262.621841                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 124262.621841                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 119931.374408                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 119931.374408                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 124164.057000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 124164.057000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 124164.057000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 124164.057000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1785                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total            1785                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        12884                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        12884                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data          405                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          405                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        13289                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        13289                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        13289                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        13289                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         5238                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5238                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         5255                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5255                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         5255                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5255                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    527441111                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    527441111                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      1264741                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1264741                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    528705852                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    528705852                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    528705852                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    528705852                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.006210                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006210                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.003412                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003412                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.003412                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003412                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 100695.133830                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100695.133830                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 74396.529412                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74396.529412                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 100610.057469                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100610.057469                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 100610.057469                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100610.057469                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              518.268398                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs             1003851088                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  528                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1901233.121212                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    28.268398                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.045302                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.830558                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1183407                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1183407                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1183407                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total        1183407                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1183407                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total       1183407                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      7746043                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7746043                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      7746043                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7746043                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      7746043                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7746043                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1183456                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1183456                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1183456                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total      1183456                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1183456                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total      1183456                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 158082.510204                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 158082.510204                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 158082.510204                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 158082.510204                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 158082.510204                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 158082.510204                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6190930                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6190930                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6190930                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6190930                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6190930                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6190930                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 162919.210526                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162919.210526                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 162919.210526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162919.210526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 162919.210526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162919.210526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                 6951                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              166886693                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                 7207                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             23156.194394                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   227.421155                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    28.578845                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.888364                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.111636                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       820110                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        820110                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       677748                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       677748                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1846                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1846                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1581                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1581                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data      1497858                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total        1497858                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data      1497858                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total       1497858                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data        17834                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        17834                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data           91                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           91                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data        17925                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total        17925                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data        17925                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total        17925                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2102712041                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2102712041                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      7845612                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7845612                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2110557653                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2110557653                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2110557653                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2110557653                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       837944                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       837944                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       677839                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       677839                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         1846                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1846                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         1581                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1581                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      1515783                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1515783                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      1515783                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1515783                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.021283                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021283                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000134                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000134                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.011826                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011826                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.011826                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011826                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 117904.678760                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 117904.678760                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 86215.516484                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86215.516484                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 117743.802120                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 117743.802120                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 117743.802120                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 117743.802120                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          880                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total             880                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        10898                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        10898                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data           76                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           76                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        10974                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        10974                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        10974                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        10974                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         6936                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6936                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         6951                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6951                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         6951                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6951                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    731485730                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    731485730                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      1035480                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1035480                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    732521210                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    732521210                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    732521210                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    732521210                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.008277                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008277                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.004586                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004586                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.004586                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004586                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 105462.187140                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105462.187140                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data        69032                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        69032                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 105383.572148                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105383.572148                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 105383.572148                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105383.572148                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              487.781332                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs             1001203299                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  494                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             2026727.325911                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    32.781332                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.052534                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.781701                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1195199                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1195199                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1195199                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total        1195199                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1195199                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total       1195199                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      8535763                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8535763                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      8535763                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8535763                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      8535763                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8535763                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1195250                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1195250                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1195250                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total      1195250                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1195250                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total      1195250                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 167367.901961                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 167367.901961                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 167367.901961                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 167367.901961                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 167367.901961                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 167367.901961                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6618989                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6618989                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6618989                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6618989                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6618989                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6618989                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 169717.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169717.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 169717.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169717.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 169717.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169717.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                 3643                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              148428961                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                 3899                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             38068.469095                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   220.307429                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    35.692571                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.860576                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.139424                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       952249                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        952249                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       706750                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       706750                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1846                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1846                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1721                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1721                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data      1658999                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total        1658999                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data      1658999                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total       1658999                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         9232                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         9232                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          116                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          116                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         9348                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total         9348                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         9348                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total         9348                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    973854439                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    973854439                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      8566404                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8566404                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    982420843                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    982420843                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    982420843                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    982420843                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       961481                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       961481                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       706866                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       706866                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         1846                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1846                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         1721                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1721                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      1668347                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1668347                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      1668347                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1668347                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.009602                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009602                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000164                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000164                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.005603                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005603                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.005603                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005603                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 105486.832647                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 105486.832647                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 73848.310345                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73848.310345                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 105094.227963                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 105094.227963                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 105094.227963                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 105094.227963                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          779                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total             779                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         5608                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         5608                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data           97                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           97                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         5705                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         5705                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         5705                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         5705                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3624                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3624                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data           19                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           19                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3643                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3643                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3643                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3643                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    350932433                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    350932433                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      1419711                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1419711                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    352352144                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    352352144                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    352352144                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    352352144                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.003769                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003769                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002184                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002184                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002184                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002184                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 96835.660320                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96835.660320                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 74721.631579                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74721.631579                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 96720.325007                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96720.325007                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 96720.325007                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96720.325007                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              510.799278                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs              998100321                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  516                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1934302.947674                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    35.799278                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.057371                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.818589                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1187850                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1187850                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1187850                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total        1187850                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1187850                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total       1187850                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      9802380                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9802380                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      9802380                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9802380                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      9802380                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9802380                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1187900                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1187900                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1187900                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total      1187900                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1187900                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total      1187900                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 196047.600000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 196047.600000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 196047.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 196047.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 196047.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 196047.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      8105232                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8105232                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      8105232                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      8105232                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      8105232                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      8105232                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 197688.585366                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 197688.585366                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 197688.585366                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 197688.585366                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 197688.585366                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 197688.585366                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                 3899                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              152132033                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                 4155                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             36614.207702                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   223.097516                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    32.902484                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.871475                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.128525                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       816723                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        816723                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       686316                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       686316                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1743                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1743                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1653                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1653                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data      1503039                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total        1503039                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data      1503039                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total       1503039                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        12508                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        12508                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data           97                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           97                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        12605                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total        12605                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        12605                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total        12605                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1485540538                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1485540538                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      9144792                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      9144792                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1494685330                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1494685330                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1494685330                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1494685330                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       829231                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       829231                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       686413                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       686413                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         1743                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1743                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         1653                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1653                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      1515644                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1515644                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      1515644                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1515644                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.015084                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015084                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000141                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000141                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008317                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008317                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008317                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008317                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 118767.232012                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 118767.232012                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 94276.206186                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94276.206186                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 118578.764776                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 118578.764776                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 118578.764776                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 118578.764776                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          827                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total             827                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         8626                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         8626                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data           80                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           80                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         8706                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         8706                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         8706                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         8706                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3882                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3882                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3899                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3899                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3899                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3899                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    390519814                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    390519814                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      1304059                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1304059                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    391823873                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    391823873                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    391823873                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    391823873                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.004681                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004681                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002573                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002573                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002573                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002573                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 100597.582174                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100597.582174                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 76709.352941                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76709.352941                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 100493.427289                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100493.427289                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 100493.427289                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100493.427289                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              567.531353                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs             1028873856                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  577                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1783143.597920                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    25.170579                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst   542.360774                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.040337                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.869168                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.909505                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1158535                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1158535                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1158535                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total        1158535                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1158535                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total       1158535                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      7025112                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7025112                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      7025112                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7025112                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      7025112                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7025112                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1158581                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1158581                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1158581                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total      1158581                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1158581                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total      1158581                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 152719.826087                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 152719.826087                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 152719.826087                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 152719.826087                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 152719.826087                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 152719.826087                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5436816                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5436816                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5436816                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5436816                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5436816                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5436816                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 159906.352941                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159906.352941                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 159906.352941                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159906.352941                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 159906.352941                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159906.352941                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                 7744                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              405424575                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                 8000                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             50678.071875                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   111.074539                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data   144.925461                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.433885                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.566115                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      3029702                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3029702                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      1658064                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1658064                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          811                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          811                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          808                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          808                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data      4687766                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total        4687766                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data      4687766                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total       4687766                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        27307                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        27307                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data           19                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           19                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        27326                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total        27326                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        27326                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total        27326                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3133018133                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3133018133                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      1675891                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1675891                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3134694024                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3134694024                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3134694024                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3134694024                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      3057009                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3057009                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      1658083                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1658083                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          811                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          811                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          808                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          808                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      4715092                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4715092                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      4715092                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4715092                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008933                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008933                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000011                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000011                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.005795                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005795                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.005795                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005795                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 114733.150218                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 114733.150218                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 88204.789474                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88204.789474                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 114714.704823                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 114714.704823                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 114714.704823                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 114714.704823                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1405                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total            1405                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        19569                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        19569                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        19582                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        19582                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        19582                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        19582                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         7738                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7738                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         7744                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7744                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         7744                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7744                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    817156191                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    817156191                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       495037                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       495037                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    817651228                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    817651228                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    817651228                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    817651228                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002531                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002531                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.001642                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001642                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.001642                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001642                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 105603.022874                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105603.022874                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 82506.166667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82506.166667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 105585.127583                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105585.127583                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 105585.127583                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105585.127583                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              551.789422                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs              917914233                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  558                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1645007.586022                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    26.029545                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst   525.759877                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.041714                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.842564                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.884278                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1186788                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1186788                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1186788                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total        1186788                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1186788                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total       1186788                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           37                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5690622                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5690622                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5690622                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5690622                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5690622                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5690622                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1186825                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1186825                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1186825                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total      1186825                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1186825                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total      1186825                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000031                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000031                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000031                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 153800.594595                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 153800.594595                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 153800.594595                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 153800.594595                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 153800.594595                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 153800.594595                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      4893007                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4893007                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      4893007                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4893007                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      4893007                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4893007                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 157838.935484                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 157838.935484                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 157838.935484                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 157838.935484                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 157838.935484                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 157838.935484                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                 5457                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              204770618                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                 5713                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             35842.922808                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   191.860422                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    64.139578                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.749455                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.250545                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      1767110                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1767110                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       323633                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       323633                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          768                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          768                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          760                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          760                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data      2090743                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total        2090743                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data      2090743                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total       2090743                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        18854                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18854                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data           31                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           31                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        18885                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total        18885                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        18885                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total        18885                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2019567530                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2019567530                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      3445057                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      3445057                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2023012587                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2023012587                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2023012587                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2023012587                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      1785964                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1785964                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       323664                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       323664                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          768                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          768                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          760                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          760                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      2109628                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2109628                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      2109628                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2109628                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.010557                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010557                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000096                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000096                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008952                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008952                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008952                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008952                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 107116.130795                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107116.130795                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 111130.870968                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 111130.870968                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 107122.721048                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 107122.721048                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 107122.721048                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 107122.721048                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          593                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total             593                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        13403                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13403                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data           25                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           25                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        13428                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        13428                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        13428                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        13428                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         5451                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5451                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         5457                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5457                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         5457                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5457                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    544021076                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    544021076                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       495074                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       495074                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    544516150                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    544516150                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    544516150                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    544516150                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.003052                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003052                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002587                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002587                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002587                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002587                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 99802.068611                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99802.068611                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 82512.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82512.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 99783.058457                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99783.058457                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 99783.058457                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99783.058457                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              511.763101                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs              999391969                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  516                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1936806.141473                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    29.763101                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.047697                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.820133                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1172224                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1172224                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1172224                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total        1172224                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1172224                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total       1172224                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6565386                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6565386                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6565386                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6565386                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6565386                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6565386                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1172265                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1172265                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1172265                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total      1172265                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1172265                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total      1172265                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 160131.365854                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 160131.365854                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 160131.365854                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 160131.365854                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 160131.365854                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 160131.365854                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5582324                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5582324                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5582324                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5582324                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5582324                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5582324                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst       164186                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       164186                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst       164186                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       164186                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst       164186                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       164186                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                 5267                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              158032171                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                 5523                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             28613.465689                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   223.629984                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    32.370016                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.873555                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.126445                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       824986                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        824986                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       697446                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       697446                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1755                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1755                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1606                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1606                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data      1522432                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total        1522432                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data      1522432                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total       1522432                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        18108                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18108                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          419                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          419                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        18527                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total        18527                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        18527                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total        18527                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2226544895                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2226544895                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     47181329                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     47181329                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2273726224                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2273726224                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2273726224                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2273726224                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       843094                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       843094                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       697865                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       697865                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         1755                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1755                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         1606                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1606                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      1540959                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1540959                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      1540959                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1540959                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.021478                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021478                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000600                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000600                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.012023                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012023                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.012023                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012023                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 122959.183510                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 122959.183510                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 112604.603819                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 112604.603819                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 122725.008042                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 122725.008042                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 122725.008042                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 122725.008042                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1895                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total            1895                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        12858                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        12858                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data          402                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          402                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        13260                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        13260                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        13260                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        13260                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         5250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         5267                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5267                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         5267                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5267                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    514236730                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    514236730                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      1348385                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1348385                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    515585115                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    515585115                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    515585115                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    515585115                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.006227                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006227                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.003418                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003418                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.003418                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003418                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 97949.853333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97949.853333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 79316.764706                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79316.764706                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 97889.712360                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97889.712360                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 97889.712360                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97889.712360                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              511.786321                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs              998100730                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1926835.386100                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    36.786321                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.058952                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.820170                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1188259                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1188259                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1188259                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total        1188259                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1188259                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total       1188259                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     10533817                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     10533817                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     10533817                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     10533817                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     10533817                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     10533817                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1188315                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1188315                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1188315                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total      1188315                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1188315                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total      1188315                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000047                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000047                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000047                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000047                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000047                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000047                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 188103.875000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 188103.875000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 188103.875000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 188103.875000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 188103.875000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 188103.875000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      8519660                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8519660                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      8519660                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      8519660                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      8519660                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      8519660                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 198131.627907                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 198131.627907                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 198131.627907                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 198131.627907                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 198131.627907                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 198131.627907                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                 3897                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              152131740                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                 4153                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             36631.769805                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   223.099695                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    32.900305                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.871483                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.128517                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       816738                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        816738                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       686005                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       686005                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1746                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1746                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1653                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1653                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data      1502743                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total        1502743                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data      1502743                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total       1502743                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        12451                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        12451                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          108                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          108                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        12559                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total        12559                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        12559                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total        12559                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1475207608                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1475207608                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      9733114                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      9733114                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1484940722                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1484940722                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1484940722                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1484940722                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       829189                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       829189                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       686113                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       686113                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         1746                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1746                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         1653                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1653                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      1515302                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1515302                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      1515302                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1515302                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.015016                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015016                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000157                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000157                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008288                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008288                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008288                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008288                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 118481.054373                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 118481.054373                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 90121.425926                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90121.425926                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 118237.178279                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 118237.178279                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 118237.178279                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 118237.178279                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          826                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total             826                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         8572                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         8572                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data           90                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           90                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         8662                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         8662                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         8662                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         8662                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3879                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3879                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3897                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3897                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3897                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3897                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    386006557                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    386006557                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      1344868                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1344868                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    387351425                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    387351425                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    387351425                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    387351425                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.004678                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004678                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002572                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002572                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002572                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002572                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 99511.873421                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99511.873421                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 74714.888889                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74714.888889                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 99397.337696                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99397.337696                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 99397.337696                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99397.337696                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
